assets/Immortal Foundations.md, before:

# Ancient Merging

## Cultivation Transcendence

- Form in Transition
- Assistance in Usurpation

## Capital Guard

- Eastern Feather Mountain
- Soul-Summoning Lore
- Sorrowful Southern Water
- Western Heaven Plateau
- Northern Desert Court

## Whole Pill

- Nurturing of Perfect Harmony/Secret White Mercury (Alternative)
- Moistening Radiant Lead
- Awaiting the Supreme Divine
- Golden Book Sequence

## Heaven-Governing

- Dwelling in the Southern Balance/Profound Dipper's Balance (New Name)
- Celestial-Awakening Ear
- Divine Sequence

## Three Shamans

### Upper Shaman

- Locust Shade Ghost
- Untraceable Presence
- Earth Shaman's Blessing
- Emperor's Mandate
- Blood Drinker

### Jade True - 玉真 (yù zhēn)

- Jadeborn one/Jade court general
- Pattern Brocade
- Azure Jade Cliff
- True Dao Unification
- White Jade Disk

### Merging Owl

- Hurricane Ghost Yin

## Two Rites

### Balanced Ritual

- Palace-Yang Tiger
- Horizon-Filling Brilliance

### Azure Manifestation

- Profound Goat
- Azure Crest Manifestation
- Sprawling Azure Mountain
- Almighty Crag
- Abyss Observer
- Lower Yang Essence

# Yang

## Supreme Yang

- Gazing Heaven Governance
- Sun-Splitting Hairpin

## Bright Yang

- Celestial Audience Gate/Radiant Origin Pass (Alternative)
- Crimson Severing Arrowhead/Chariot of the Presiding Office (Alternative)
- Imperial Observation of the Origin/Eternal Brightness Steps (Alternative)
- Sovereign Treading Peril
- Luminous Heart/Illumination of All Under Heaven

## Lesser Yang

- Heretical Seeking
- Revering the Eastern Lord

# Yin

## Supreme Yin

- Divided Aspect
- Woven Jade Radiance Chapter
- Lake Moon Autumn
- Bestowal of the Profound Pearl

## Veiled Yin

- Chamber of Doubt
- Unblemished Robe/Robe of Concealed Flaws

## Lesser Yin

- All-Fragrance Sinks
- Tuning the Loom
- Taichong Observation

# Twelve Qi

## Pure Qi

- Floating Cloud Body

## Auspicious Qi

- Good Merit Register/Scroll of Fortunate Attainments

## Cold Qi

- Immersing in Pure Listening

## Baleful Qi

- Incessant Calamity
- Rakshasa Sea
- Clamping Hatred's Mouth

## Profound Qi

- Substituted Hindrance

## True Qi

- Stone-Embracing Slumber

## Dry Qi

- Unending Dawnfire/Blazing Return
- Plea to Supplant the Night
- Stifling Bitterness
- Pavilion of Bestowed Blessings
- Discourse of the Eight Evasions

## Upper Rite

- Gathering of Illuminated Hearts
- Uniting the Flourishing Light
- Sacred Hunt King

# Five Virtues

## Fire Virtue

### True Fire

- Pheasant Li March
- Heaven-Encompassing Fire
- Governing Life Spirit

### Blazing Fire

- Burning the Old Chamber/Burning of All Under Heaven
- Emissary of Aridity
- Grasping the Blazing Summer

### Radiant Fire

- Great Scripture of Radiance
- Grasp of Ninefold Heaven
- Position Arising from Entanglement
- Burning Annihilation
- March of Peace

### Merging Fire

- Life-Ending Expulsion
- Seize amidst Peril
- Heart-Flame Aspiration

### Virile Fire

- Peace Through Concealment
- Sire of the High Mounds
- Receiving the Blazing Flute
- Molten Fiend Fire

## Water Virtue

### Pristine Water

- Cave Spring's Echo
- Heavy Murk/Overturning of All Under Heaven
- Clear Dusk Rain
- Chou-Gui Hidden Form
- Purging Dew

### Converging Water

### Pit Water

- Boundless Ocean/Jing Dragon King
- Man on Creek
- Darkening Clouds
- Holding the Ridge/Entering the Pit's Abyss
- Grieving River Departure
- Position Follows Peril

### Valley Water

- Sunless Deceit
- Spring of Rebirth/Undying Spring
- Convergence of Valleys
- Probing the Profound Recess

### Mansion Water

- Morning Cold Rain
- Merging Dawn Abyss
- Dwelling in Winter's Depth
- Life-Nourishing Flood Dragon/Vast Dredged Lake (Now Boundless Ocean of Pit Water.)

## Metal Vitue

### Reflecting Metal

- Position Follows Trust/Mutual Oblivion
- Palace of Retracted Killing
- Unending Edge
- Sovereign of Dui Edge
- Golden Aperture Heart

### Geng Metal

- Engraved Stone/Golden Beast Plume
- Heavenly Gilded Helm
- Present Departs Old/Revolution of All Under Heaven
- Breaking the Broken

### Wandering Metal

- Gazing the Metal Apex
- Wandering at Ease

### Harmonising Metal

- Heavenly Harmonising Fullness

### Vault Metal

- Vault-Silver Beam

## Wood Virtue

### Horn Wood

- Ushering Spring’s Dawn (黎运春)
- Verdant Grove (潇重林)

### Upright Wood

- Journeying North
- Position follows Exclusivity
- Perceive Word Scrutiny
- Carpenter's Measure

### Gathering Wood

- Calamity-Spreading Life
- Falcon Seeks Perch
- Gathering of Bitter Herbs

### Renewing Wood

- Spring Before Sickness/Change of All Under Heaven

## Earth Virtue

### Proclaimation Earth

- Rite of the Sovereign Earth/Heart of All Under Heaven
- Luminous Dredging

### Bound Earth

- Fool's Mountain Chase
- Valley of True Origin

### Treasured Earth

- Palace of Concealed Storage
- High-Rampart Swallow

### Wu Earth

- Immortal without Flaw
- Subjugating Crest

### Returning Earth

- Guileful Desolate Plain

# Three Lightnings

## Celestial Thunder

- Winter Thunderclap
- Spring Awakening
- Lightfall Thunder
- Revolving Purple

## Profound Thunder

- Rhythm of Enacting Might
- Smiting the Sealed Altar

## Primodial Magnestism

- Baleful Lord's Rite/Shedding the Malice Embryo

# Unknown

- Eye of Galloping Heart

# Empty Attestation

## Heavenly Glow

- Universal Dawn Mist

## Way of Sword

- Nurturing the Azure Heaven

Commit message:

Added Chapter 1335 and 1336. Also changed some terms.

assets/Immortal Foundations.md, after:

# Ancient Merging

## Cultivation Transcendence

- Form in Transition
- Assistance in Usurpation

## Capital Guard

- Eastern Feather Mountain
- Soul-Summoning Lore
- Sorrowful Southern Water
- Western Heaven Plateau
- Northern Desert Court

## Whole Pill

- Nurturing of Perfect Harmony/Secret White Mercury (Alternative)
- Moistening Radiant Lead
- Awaiting the Supreme Divine
- Golden Book Sequence

## Heaven-Governing

- Dwelling in the Southern Balance/Profound Dipper's Balance (New Name)
- Celestial-Awakening Ear
- Divine Sequence

## Three Shamans

### Upper Shaman

- Locust Shade Ghost
- Untraceable Presence
- Earth Shaman's Blessing
- Emperor's Mandate
- Blood Drinker

### Jade True - 玉真 (yù zhēn)

- Jadeborn one/Jade court general
- Pattern Brocade
- Azure Jade Cliff
- True Dao Unification
- White Jade Disk

### Merging Owl

- Hurricane Ghost Yin

## Two Rites

### Balanced Ritual

- Palace-Yang Tiger
- Horizon-Filling Brilliance

### Azure Manifestation

- Profound Goat
- Azure Crest Manifestation
- Sprawling Azure Mountain
- Almighty Crag
- Abyss Observer
- Lower Yang Essence

# Yang

## Supreme Yang

- Gazing Heaven Governance
- Sun-Splitting Hairpin

## Bright Yang

- Celestial Audience Gate/Radiant Origin Pass (Alternative)
- Crimson Severing Arrowhead/Chariot of the Presiding Office (Alternative)
- Imperial Observation of the Origin/Eternal Brightness Steps (Alternative)
- Sovereign Treading Peril
- Luminous Heart/Illumination of All Under Heaven

## Lesser Yang

- Heretical Seeking
- Revering the Eastern Lord

# Yin

## Supreme Yin

- Divided Aspect
- Woven Jade Radiance Chapter
- Lake Moon Autumn
- Bestowal of the Profound Pearl

## Veiled Yin

- Chamber of Doubt
- Unblemished Robe/Robe of Concealed Flaws

## Lesser Yin

- All-Fragrance Sinks
- Tuning the Loom
- Taichong Observation

# Twelve Qi

## Pure Qi

- Floating Cloud Body

## Auspicious Qi

- Good Merit Register/Scroll of Fortunate Attainments

## Cold Qi

- Immersing in Pure Listening

## Baleful Qi

- Incessant Calamity
- Rakshasa Sea
- Clamping Hatred's Mouth

## Profound Qi

- Substituted Hindrance

## True Qi

- Stone-Embracing Slumber

## Purple Qi

- Chapter on Arranging Purple
- Principal of Nurturing Life
- Cultivation of the Earth and the Stars
- First Omen of the Dao
- Circling the East Mountain (绕东山)

## Dry Qi

- Unending Dawnfire/Blazing Return
- Plea to Supplant the Night
- Stifling Bitterness
- Pavilion of Bestowed Blessings
- Discourse of the Eight Evasions

## Upper Rite

- Gathering of Illuminated Hearts
- Uniting the Flourishing Light
- Sacred Hunt King

# Five Virtues

## Fire Virtue

### True Fire

- Pheasant Li March
- Heaven-Encompassing Fire
- Governing Life Spirit

### Blazing Fire

- Burning the Old Chamber/Burning of All Under Heaven
- Emissary of Aridity
- Grasping the Blazing Summer

### Radiant Fire

- Great Scripture of Radiance
- Grasp of Ninefold Heaven
- Position Arising from Entanglement
- Burning Annihilation
- March of Peace

### Merging Fire

- Life-Ending Expulsion
- Seize amidst Peril
- Heart-Flame Aspiration

### Virile Fire

- Peace Through Concealment
- Sire of the High Mounds
- Receiving the Blazing Flute
- Molten Fiend Fire

## Water Virtue

### Pristine Water

- Cave Spring's Echo
- Heavy Murk/Overturning of All Under Heaven
- Clear Dusk Rain
- Chou-Gui Hidden Form
- Purging Dew

### Converging Water

### Pit Water

- Boundless Ocean/Jing Dragon King
- Man on Creek
- Darkening Clouds
- Holding the Ridge/Entering the Pit's Abyss
- Grieving River Departure
- Position Follows Peril

### Valley Water

- Sunless Deceit
- Spring of Rebirth/Undying Spring
- Convergence of Valleys
- Probing the Profound Recess

### Mansion Water

- Morning Cold Rain
- Merging Dawn Abyss
- Dwelling in Winter's Depth
- Life-Nourishing Flood Dragon/Vast Dredged Lake (Now Boundless Ocean of Pit Water.)

## Metal Vitue

### Reflecting Metal

- Position Follows Trust/Mutual Oblivion
- Palace of Retracted Killing
- Unending Edge
- Sovereign of Dui Edge
- Golden Aperture Heart

### Geng Metal

- Engraved Stone/Golden Beast Plume
- Heavenly Gilded Helm
- Present Departs Old/Revolution of All Under Heaven
- Breaking the Broken

### Wandering Metal

- Gazing the Metal Apex
- Wandering at Ease

### Harmonising Metal

- Heavenly Harmonising Fullness

### Vault Metal

- Vault-Silver Beam

## Wood Virtue

### Horn Wood

- Ushering Spring’s Dawn (黎运春)
- Verdant Grove (潇重林)

### Upright Wood

- Journeying North
- Position follows Exclusivity
- Perceive Word Scrutiny
- Carpenter's Measure

### Gathering Wood

- Calamity-Spreading Life
- Falcon Seeks Perch
- Gathering of Bitter Herbs

### Renewing Wood

- Spring Before Sickness/Change of All Under Heaven

## Earth Virtue

### Proclaimation Earth

- Rite of the Sovereign Earth/Heart of All Under Heaven
- Luminous Dredging

### Bound Earth

- Fool's Mountain Chase
- Valley of True Origin

### Treasured Earth

- Palace of Concealed Storage
- High-Rampart Swallow

### Wu Earth

- Immortal without Flaw
- Subjugating Crest

### Returning Earth

- Guileful Desolate Plain

# Three Lightnings

## Celestial Thunder

- Winter Thunderclap
- Spring Awakening
- Lightfall Thunder
- Revolving Purple

## Profound Thunder

- Rhythm of Enacting Might
- Smiting the Sealed Altar

## Primodial Magnestism

- Baleful Lord's Rite/Shedding the Malice Embryo

# Unknown

- Eye of Galloping Heart

# Empty Attestation

## Heavenly Glow

- Universal Dawn Mist

## Way of Sword

- Nurturing the Azure Heaven
