translations/1242.md, before:

# Chapter 1242: Concordant Conquest

The great desert.

On the Seeking Evil Stage, the light was dazzling and colors surged within the pavilions. A man in crimson robes sat upright on the Jade Terrace, his hands forming a seal before the sea of qi in his lower abdomen. Behind him, it seemed as if an infinite flame burned, and all manner of phenomena converged, descending entirely upon him.

Between his upturned, overlapping palms rested a Golden Core-like treasure, wreathed in golden threads and blazing with Radiant Fire, emanating a wondrous power.

Since returning from the White Ye Immortal Sect, Li Jiangqian finally had time to cultivate, so he had journeyed all the way back to this great desert to practice on the Seeking Evil Stage.

The Ministerial Fire Seeking Evil Spirit Formation was rich with spiritual qi. Though it was not as dense as the Heaven of Sun and Moon's Shared Radiance, where cultivation was twice as effective for half the effort, it possessed a unique marvel for nourishing fire-virtue that made it quite potent. More important, however, was the Double Fire Twin-Light Instrument in his hands!

The Double Fire Twin-Light Instrument was something Li Zhouwei had obtained in Wanling Heaven. It had achieved great merit time and again; whenever the treasure was deployed, it could invariably lock down an opponent's Spiritual Artifact, creating an opening in battle… Yet this Spiritual Treasure possessed a wondrous Dao-Cultivation aspect, meant to aid the cultivation of the True and Li Daos. For years it had gone unused, only proving helpful when he broke through to the Purple Mansion Realm.

Now that he had settled his mind to cultivate, he finally understood how powerful this marvel was!

'Once this marvel responds, the treasure will immediately resonate with the divine ability in my body, refining and interacting. If one were to say that the various great formations and spiritual qi only increase the speed of cultivation, then this marvel actually assists in augmenting the divine ability itself!'

If these external boons could only increase the cultivation speed of his divine ability by ten or twenty percent, then the Spiritual Treasure was like having another Shengyang Acupoint assisting him. The two could not be compared in the same breath!

'This item is truly a treasure for passing on the Dao and its teachings!'

He had seen Li Que'wan's Spiritual Treasure and had believed the Double Fire Twin-Light Instrument to be greatly inferior, but now that he was truly experiencing this marvel for himself, his heart filled with joy:

'This treasure is adept at both offense and defense, and it's a great boon to my cultivation. It is also a supreme treasure meticulously refined by a great Daoist tradition. Even if it is inferior, it can't be by much!'

And so, he became immersed in his cultivation, finding it difficult to pull himself away for a time. He felt as though time passed in the blink of an eye. More than five hundred days flowed by like water, and when he reluctantly opened his eyes, he already had an estimate in his heart.

'When I first came out of seclusion, I estimated that nurturing this divine ability would require at least fifteen years of retreat. But the Li Fruit I consumed back then was, after all, a fine item used by mid-stage Purple Mansion Realm cultivators to navigate the Purple Mystery. It was a tremendous help to me, and now… I've already finished refining it!'

It had been sixteen years since he had achieved the Purple Mansion Realm. If he had been in seclusion cultivating every day, he could already be starting on his second divine ability by now. He had been delayed for several years by travels and battles, but fortunately, he had the aid of a Spiritual Treasure. At his current speed, in another year and a half, this divine ability of his would be nurtured to perfection. He remained unsatisfied, however, his posture revealing a certain ambition:

"In that case, I can start preparing the spiritual qi for the next divine ability!"

With that, he rose to his feet and stepped out on the wind. The night outside was deep, and silver light dotted the high platform. A middle-aged Daoist Master clad in fur robes was leaning against the steps, a golden flask in hand, looking leisurely and content.

"Senior Liu!"

Li Jiangqian smiled, a hint of surprise in his gaze as he asked:

"What a leisurely and elegant mood!"

Seeing him emerge, a slight smile touched the corners of Liu Changdie's mouth.

"Your Highness! My immortal foundation reached completion a few months ago! I came out to see the sights before I go into seclusion."

Li Jiangqian's heart jolted—Liu Changdie had only received the cultivation method two years ago. He had no Talisman Qi to nourish him, no Spiritual Treasures or elixirs to aid him, no grotto-heaven to cultivate in, and even within this formation, most of the spiritual qi was being supplied to the main hall where he, Li Jiangqian, was practicing!

The young man did not hide the admiration on his face.

"So fast!"

"It's only natural."

Liu Changdie was not surprised, smiling as he said:

"It's not due to my own ability. My innate talent is nothing special; I simply had a fortunate encounter in my early years… This immortal foundation is called 'Heavenly Harmonizing Fullness.' It is the path of the 'Harmonising Metal' phenomenon reaching great success, and it landed right before my 'Vault Metal'… of course they are compatible and drawn to each other!"

The smile on his face appeared relaxed and carefree:

"I only had to condense six cycles and place the qi inside. The divine ability within my body began to circulate on its own. I didn't even need to cultivate; it jumped a layer every month, and in a year, it condensed into an immortal foundation by itself."

Liu Changdie took a sip of wine and chuckled.

"Don't look at me sitting here with nothing to do. The immortal foundation in my body changes day by day. I was only in seclusion for half a year, and it reached completion on its own… Ordinary cultivators go through untold hardships to practice a Dao divine ability, but by my estimation, by the time this thing elevates me to the Shengyang Acupoint, I'll have to form a divine ability whether I want to or not!"

Although he was smiling, Li Jiangqian sighed inwardly:

'It's true… a dead-end path is always the fastest…'

Liu Changdie immediately stood up, took two steps forward, and said with a serious expression:

"But I have some good news for Your Highness."

Li Jiangqian's brows raised.

"Please speak, Senior!"

Liu Changdie pulled him into the hall and shut the large doors tightly. Only then did he pace over to the table and, with a flip of his hand, the glittering, wafer-thin Spiritual Treasure appeared before him. The middle-aged man spoke gravely:

"As my immortal foundation was completed, the connection between the Profound Vault Invitation Letter and myself has grown remarkably stronger. It faintly connects with the aura inside my body… becoming more intimate with each passing day."

"It seems this Spiritual Treasure… was meant to be used through cultivation like this."

Li Jiangqian understood at once, asking doubtfully:

"Harmonising and Vault… cultivated together?"

"Precisely!"

Liu Changdie's expression was solemn, as if he had long harbored this suspicion. He lowered his voice.

"This item possesses not only the marvel of Vault Metal, but also that of Harmonising Metal. It is extremely complex. I suspect… if a cultivator were to cultivate two Vaults and two Harmonies, and then take up this Spiritual Treasure, it might possess world-shaking power."

He sighed.
"Although I can sense it now, I can clearly feel that I'm a step behind… A pity. My cultivation is now locked; I'll never have the chance to try again."

Li Jiangqian hesitated for a few breaths before asking:

"I've heard my sister mention how formidable this treasure is, but I've heard 'world-shaking power' mentioned plenty of times… I wonder what it's specifically like."

A strange light flickered in Liu Changdie's eyes.

"It's hard to say right now. I'll have to wait until my divine ability is formed and slowly connects with this Spiritual Treasure. But if my deduction is correct… perhaps in the future war between the north and south, I can be of great help to King Wei!"

"Oh? Is it something that can be applied to others?"

Li Jiangqian's expression turned solemn.

This Senior Liu was not one to exaggerate. For even him to be so certain, this Spiritual Treasure was likely no simple matter. Li Jiangqian secretly committed this to memory and said softly:

"Senior, please accompany me to the lake for a look."

Liu Changdie frowned.

"If we do that, the great desert will be left empty."

The Li family had a fair number of people now, but Cheng Qian had returned to his sect to handle funeral matters and wouldn't be back for a while. There was still Kuang Hong, but that Daoist Master had originally rushed over after hearing of the disaster at the lake upon emerging from seclusion. Two years ago, when the situation stabilized, he returned to the Qusi to consume pills and practice arts. 

Li Jiangqian strongly approved of this—after all, their own situation was perilous. Without some skill, they might not be able to hold their ground!

'The Qusi is also an ancient Daoist tradition, with many unorthodox spell arts. Even if he can obtain one or two-tenths of them, it would be of great use.'

Li Jiangqian just smiled.

"Senior, please feel free to go. I will come back to guard the desert."

Liu Changdie was momentarily lost in thought, and numerous ideas also swirled in Li Jiangqian's mind:

'Senior Liu has yet to cultivate his second divine ability. Golden Oneness made it very clear that it would only protect him because his path was severed. This is the most dangerous time. If he were left here alone, and Mount Changhuai, or some other family, used a scheme to harm him, they could also disgust my family in the process!'

Although Golden Oneness had given its word, making the danger minimal, he would not stake his family's interests on the tacit understanding between two other parties. Even if there was a one-in-ten-thousand risk, Li Jiangqian was unwilling to take it. He activated a Spirit Probe, confirmed that no one was waiting in the Great Void, and immediately rode the wind with Liu Changdie. They drifted to the middle of the lake, and he apologized:

"I'll have to trouble Senior to stay in the Milin Mountains for a while."

"It's no bother. With my current immortal foundation cultivation, it's the same no matter where I am."

Li Jiangqian did not delay, immediately turning and departing on a stream of fire. He had only gone three steps when he saw the flames on Gardenia Scenery Mountain blazing, the phenomena soaring into the heavens!

He praised inwardly:

'When Grand-Uncle began his refinement, he sent word that it would take three to five years at the shortest, and more than seven or eight at the longest. Looking at these phenomena, that flame is formidable. His refinement is going extremely well. I shouldn't disturb him.'

Li Jiangqian's original intention was to ask Li Ximing to exchange for a 'Radiant Fire' cultivation method. After all, the Golden Feather Sect had already resolved his younger sister's cultivation method issue by arranging for people to go gather qi, so he had no need to worry, but he himself was still without a solution.

'But whether it's Father or Grand-Uncle, they won't be free for another year or two. If this drags on for a few more years, it will instead ruin things.'

For now, he could only turn his spiritual fire and descend back onto the island. Arriving at the center of the grotto-heaven, he made his way toward the High Firmament Pavilion. He scanned his surroundings, looking at the moonlight lamps and azure-stone pavilions arrayed on all sides, and sighed in his heart:

'So this is the High Firmament Pavilion. Others fight to the death and scheme for countless years just for a single cultivation method, while my family can obtain one with ease… without having to worry about our Dao lineage being controlled by others.'

If it weren't for the High Firmament Pavilion, the Li family would have to repeat what Ji An had so diligently begged for countless times!

Li Jiangqian entered personally but did not expect such a valuable place to appear so simple and clean. He observed it carefully before his gaze finally fell upon a purple bamboo slip. He closed his eyes to experience it:

'It's mainly cultivation methods and spell arts… mostly orthodox. It seems the majority are from the Middle Ages. There's nothing from recent antiquity, and no unorthodox shamanic arts or techniques…'

He searched around and nodded to himself.

'Good, the Method of Concealing and Summoning of the Profound of the Captured Beam is not here… Even unorthodox methods of the same major category as the Art of the Perfected Sleeve Residence are absent.'

With this observation, Li Jiangqian had a good idea of things. He immediately envisioned his other objective:

'A method for traversing the Great Void…'

With just a glance, he couldn't help but suck in a sharp breath—it wasn't that there were none; in fact, there were quite a few. And the cheapest among them was the 'Instantaneous Radiance Traversal Art,' which required a full nine hundred and nineteen immortal merits!

'It's as expensive as the methods for constructing in the Great Void! It's only cheaper than the lowest-grade construction method, the Void-Chamber Refining Art, by a little over one hundred immortal merits.'

The thoughts in his mind gradually shifted:

"In that case, just like with the construction arts, it's probably more cost-effective to obtain one from the mortal world. My family has frequent contact with the great Daoist traditions; it shouldn't be too difficult to acquire one. Depending on the situation, I can just exchange for a top-tier one later when I have a surplus of immortal merits."

After a general browse, he finally looked toward his own Dao lineage:

"'Radiant Fire,' I have already mastered the 'Great Scripture of Radiance.' What remains are two Life Divine Abilities, one Art Divine Ability, and one Body Divine Ability…"

There were two Life Divine Abilities in the Radiant Fire path. According to the conventions of cultivation, Li Jiangqian's next divine ability would naturally fall into this category:

'It's either 'Position Arising from Entanglement' or 'Concordant Conquest.''

This didn't require much thought. No matter how confident Li Jiangqian was, he wouldn't place a Life Divine Ability on the path of his Purple Mystery cultivation. By cultivating one beforehand, the road ahead would be relatively smoother.

Thus, he took out several cultivation manuals to read carefully and soon had a clear idea:

"'Position Arising from Entanglement' should be an extremely orthodox path within 'Radiant Fire,' just like the 'The Path Dedicated' of Upright Wood and the 'Position Follows Peril' of Pit Water. It has the significance of a fundamental Dao and is a relatively pure Life Divine Ability."

"'Concordant Conquest' is different."

This was a divine ability that Li Jiangqian had almost never heard of in the outside world, yet in the High Firmament Pavilion, it was mostly written about in clear detail:

"This divine ability leans toward offense. Although it is a Life Divine Ability, it has a strong shadow of an Art Divine Ability. It wouldn't be an exaggeration to call it a life-art hybrid. It even has the offensive phenomenon of controlling various lands…"

Whether it was a Life Divine Ability, a Body Divine Ability, or an Art Divine Ability, or even the Eye Divine Ability often mentioned by northern cultivators, they were essentially derived from the names given by cultivators. In reality, divine abilities were only responsible to the Fruition Attainment. There was much overlap, making clear distinctions difficult.

But Li Jiangqian had his own ideas.

'My future path is still unclear. Although 'Radiant Fire' is good, if I cannot achieve the Dao, then it's all for nothing!'

The look in his eyes gradually brightened:

'If I have a surplus of cultivation slots, there's naturally no need to overthink it; I would simply master one divine ability after another. Success or death. But if I must intercalate, then I need to consider things carefully. The Radiant Fire path is already close to the Bright Yang path. If Father achieves the Dao, I will most likely have to intercalate with Bright Yang. That means I would only cultivate four Radiant Fire divine abilities and must discard one of them… As for which one to discard, that is something worth serious consideration.'

'Position Arising from Entanglement is the most orthodox Radiant Fire divine ability; I can cultivate it anytime. But Concordant Conquest… listening to its name, it has the connotation of an emperor's punitive expedition. Observing its Daoist art, it has the intent of entering the world to kill. It must be a manifestation of the affinity between Radiant Fire and Bright Yang!'

The young man paced a few steps in the pavilion, his expression growing determined:

'The Great Scripture of Radiance is the Art of Gazing Upon and Describing the Sun, related to the three Yangs at least. The first step was not wrong… This second one should also be Concordant Conquest!'

He made his decision but was still very cautious:

'Father's Dao-Profundity in the Bright Yang path is high, so I should ask him about this matter. But he won't be free these next few years. I'll take the qi-gathering technique first and have people go gather qi. When Father emerges from his seclusion, I'll ask him again just to be safe!'

Li Jiangqian's mind was filled with many thoughts. Even though he had very little understanding of intercalation and surplus, by relying on his Dao-Profundity from cultivating to the Purple Mansion Realm and the complete and abundant Daoist treasury in the High Firmament Pavilion which he could freely choose from, he still made the best possible choice for his current situation!

"The family also has the Clarity-Truth Spirit-Union Pill. My life-mandate is very strong, and I have the Double Fire Twin-Light Instrument in hand. With this two-pronged approach, the possibility of succeeding in one go is not small…"

"I have yet to consume a Talisman Pill for the Purple Mansion Realm. Based on the effects Grand-Uncle experienced back then, it's no worse than during the Foundation Establishment Realm… After the next divine ability is formed, I'll spend some time in seclusion to consume it, and I can immediately connect to the third divine ability!"

As for the divine ability cultivation base condensed from Talisman Qi, Li Jiangqian had no plans to use it for the time being. He ambitiously made his arrangements:

'The later I use it, the better… I can even save it for the fourth divine ability… achieve it in an instant, and immediately go to verify the five methods.'

Commit message:

Rename 'Concordant Conquest' to 'March of Peace'
Replaces all instances of 'Concordant Conquest' with 'March of Peace' across glossary, Immortal Foundations, and relevant translation files for consistency. Updates related glossary entries and translation text. Adds new glossary terms and introduces translation for chapter 1284.

translations/1242.md, after:

# Chapter 1242: March of Peace

The great desert.

On the Seeking Evil Stage, the light was dazzling and colors surged within the pavilions. A man in crimson robes sat upright on the Jade Terrace, his hands forming a seal before the sea of qi in his lower abdomen. Behind him, it seemed as if an infinite flame burned, and all manner of phenomena converged, descending entirely upon him.

Between his upturned, overlapping palms rested a Golden Core-like treasure, wreathed in golden threads and blazing with Radiant Fire, emanating a wondrous power.

Since returning from the White Ye Immortal Sect, Li Jiangqian finally had time to cultivate, so he had journeyed all the way back to this great desert to practice on the Seeking Evil Stage.

The Ministerial Fire Seeking Evil Spirit Formation was rich with spiritual qi. Though it was not as dense as the Heaven of Sun and Moon's Shared Radiance, where cultivation was twice as effective for half the effort, it possessed a unique marvel for nourishing fire-virtue that made it quite potent. More important, however, was the Double Fire Twin-Light Instrument in his hands!

The Double Fire Twin-Light Instrument was something Li Zhouwei had obtained in Wanling Heaven. It had achieved great merit time and again; whenever the treasure was deployed, it could invariably lock down an opponent's Spiritual Artifact, creating an opening in battle… Yet this Spiritual Treasure possessed a wondrous Dao-Cultivation aspect, meant to aid the cultivation of the True and Li Daos. For years it had gone unused, only proving helpful when he broke through to the Purple Mansion Realm.

Now that he had settled his mind to cultivate, he finally understood how powerful this marvel was!

'Once this marvel responds, the treasure will immediately resonate with the divine ability in my body, refining and interacting. If one were to say that the various great formations and spiritual qi only increase the speed of cultivation, then this marvel actually assists in augmenting the divine ability itself!'

If these external boons could only increase the cultivation speed of his divine ability by ten or twenty percent, then the Spiritual Treasure was like having another Shengyang Acupoint assisting him. The two could not be compared in the same breath!

'This item is truly a treasure for passing on the Dao and its teachings!'

He had seen Li Que'wan's Spiritual Treasure and had believed the Double Fire Twin-Light Instrument to be greatly inferior, but now that he was truly experiencing this marvel for himself, his heart filled with joy:

'This treasure is adept at both offense and defense, and it's a great boon to my cultivation. It is also a supreme treasure meticulously refined by a great Daoist tradition. Even if it is inferior, it can't be by much!'

And so, he became immersed in his cultivation, finding it difficult to pull himself away for a time. He felt as though time passed in the blink of an eye. More than five hundred days flowed by like water, and when he reluctantly opened his eyes, he already had an estimate in his heart.

'When I first came out of seclusion, I estimated that nurturing this divine ability would require at least fifteen years of retreat. But the Li Fruit I consumed back then was, after all, a fine item used by mid-stage Purple Mansion Realm cultivators to navigate the Purple Mystery. It was a tremendous help to me, and now… I've already finished refining it!'

It had been sixteen years since he had achieved the Purple Mansion Realm. If he had been in seclusion cultivating every day, he could already be starting on his second divine ability by now. He had been delayed for several years by travels and battles, but fortunately, he had the aid of a Spiritual Treasure. At his current speed, in another year and a half, this divine ability of his would be nurtured to perfection. He remained unsatisfied, however, his posture revealing a certain ambition:

"In that case, I can start preparing the spiritual qi for the next divine ability!"

With that, he rose to his feet and stepped out on the wind. The night outside was deep, and silver light dotted the high platform. A middle-aged Daoist Master clad in fur robes was leaning against the steps, a golden flask in hand, looking leisurely and content.

"Senior Liu!"

Li Jiangqian smiled, a hint of surprise in his gaze as he asked:

"What a leisurely and elegant mood!"

Seeing him emerge, a slight smile touched the corners of Liu Changdie's mouth.

"Your Highness! My immortal foundation reached completion a few months ago! I came out to see the sights before I go into seclusion."

Li Jiangqian's heart jolted—Liu Changdie had only received the cultivation method two years ago. He had no Talisman Qi to nourish him, no Spiritual Treasures or elixirs to aid him, no grotto-heaven to cultivate in, and even within this formation, most of the spiritual qi was being supplied to the main hall where he, Li Jiangqian, was practicing!

The young man did not hide the admiration on his face.

"So fast!"

"It's only natural."

Liu Changdie was not surprised, smiling as he said:

"It's not due to my own ability. My innate talent is nothing special; I simply had a fortunate encounter in my early years… This immortal foundation is called 'Heavenly Harmonizing Fullness.' It is the path of the 'Harmonising Metal' phenomenon reaching great success, and it landed right before my 'Vault Metal'… of course they are compatible and drawn to each other!"

The smile on his face appeared relaxed and carefree:

"I only had to condense six cycles and place the qi inside. The divine ability within my body began to circulate on its own. I didn't even need to cultivate; it jumped a layer every month, and in a year, it condensed into an immortal foundation by itself."

Liu Changdie took a sip of wine and chuckled.

"Don't look at me sitting here with nothing to do. The immortal foundation in my body changes day by day. I was only in seclusion for half a year, and it reached completion on its own… Ordinary cultivators go through untold hardships to practice a Dao divine ability, but by my estimation, by the time this thing elevates me to the Shengyang Acupoint, I'll have to form a divine ability whether I want to or not!"

Although he was smiling, Li Jiangqian sighed inwardly:

'It's true… a dead-end path is always the fastest…'

Liu Changdie immediately stood up, took two steps forward, and said with a serious expression:

"But I have some good news for Your Highness."

Li Jiangqian's brows raised.

"Please speak, Senior!"

Liu Changdie pulled him into the hall and shut the large doors tightly. Only then did he pace over to the table and, with a flip of his hand, the glittering, wafer-thin Spiritual Treasure appeared before him. The middle-aged man spoke gravely:

"As my immortal foundation was completed, the connection between the Profound Vault Invitation Letter and myself has grown remarkably stronger. It faintly connects with the aura inside my body… becoming more intimate with each passing day."

"It seems this Spiritual Treasure… was meant to be used through cultivation like this."

Li Jiangqian understood at once, asking doubtfully:

"Harmonising and Vault… cultivated together?"

"Precisely!"

Liu Changdie's expression was solemn, as if he had long harbored this suspicion. He lowered his voice.

"This item possesses not only the marvel of Vault Metal, but also that of Harmonising Metal. It is extremely complex. I suspect… if a cultivator were to cultivate two Vaults and two Harmonies, and then take up this Spiritual Treasure, it might possess world-shaking power."

He sighed.
"Although I can sense it now, I can clearly feel that I'm a step behind… A pity. My cultivation is now locked; I'll never have the chance to try again."

Li Jiangqian hesitated for a few breaths before asking:

"I've heard my sister mention how formidable this treasure is, but I've heard 'world-shaking power' mentioned plenty of times… I wonder what it's specifically like."

A strange light flickered in Liu Changdie's eyes.

"It's hard to say right now. I'll have to wait until my divine ability is formed and slowly connects with this Spiritual Treasure. But if my deduction is correct… perhaps in the future war between the north and south, I can be of great help to King Wei!"

"Oh? Is it something that can be applied to others?"

Li Jiangqian's expression turned solemn.

This Senior Liu was not one to exaggerate. For even him to be so certain, this Spiritual Treasure was likely no simple matter. Li Jiangqian secretly committed this to memory and said softly:

"Senior, please accompany me to the lake for a look."

Liu Changdie frowned.

"If we do that, the great desert will be left empty."

The Li family had a fair number of people now, but Cheng Qian had returned to his sect to handle funeral matters and wouldn't be back for a while. There was still Kuang Hong, but that Daoist Master had originally rushed over after hearing of the disaster at the lake upon emerging from seclusion. Two years ago, when the situation stabilized, he returned to the Qusi to consume pills and practice arts. 

Li Jiangqian strongly approved of this—after all, their own situation was perilous. Without some skill, they might not be able to hold their ground!

'The Qusi is also an ancient Daoist tradition, with many unorthodox spell arts. Even if he can obtain one or two-tenths of them, it would be of great use.'

Li Jiangqian just smiled.

"Senior, please feel free to go. I will come back to guard the desert."

Liu Changdie was momentarily lost in thought, and numerous ideas also swirled in Li Jiangqian's mind:

'Senior Liu has yet to cultivate his second divine ability. Golden Oneness made it very clear that it would only protect him because his path was severed. This is the most dangerous time. If he were left here alone, and Mount Changhuai, or some other family, used a scheme to harm him, they could also disgust my family in the process!'

Although Golden Oneness had given its word, making the danger minimal, he would not stake his family's interests on the tacit understanding between two other parties. Even if there was a one-in-ten-thousand risk, Li Jiangqian was unwilling to take it. He activated a Spirit Probe, confirmed that no one was waiting in the Great Void, and immediately rode the wind with Liu Changdie. They drifted to the middle of the lake, and he apologized:

"I'll have to trouble Senior to stay in the Milin Mountains for a while."

"It's no bother. With my current immortal foundation cultivation, it's the same no matter where I am."

Li Jiangqian did not delay, immediately turning and departing on a stream of fire. He had only gone three steps when he saw the flames on Gardenia Scenery Mountain blazing, the phenomena soaring into the heavens!

He praised inwardly:

'When Grand-Uncle began his refinement, he sent word that it would take three to five years at the shortest, and more than seven or eight at the longest. Looking at these phenomena, that flame is formidable. His refinement is going extremely well. I shouldn't disturb him.'

Li Jiangqian's original intention was to ask Li Ximing to exchange for a 'Radiant Fire' cultivation method. After all, the Golden Feather Sect had already resolved his younger sister's cultivation method issue by arranging for people to go gather qi, so he had no need to worry, but he himself was still without a solution.

'But whether it's Father or Grand-Uncle, they won't be free for another year or two. If this drags on for a few more years, it will instead ruin things.'

For now, he could only turn his spiritual fire and descend back onto the island. Arriving at the center of the grotto-heaven, he made his way toward the High Firmament Pavilion. He scanned his surroundings, looking at the moonlight lamps and azure-stone pavilions arrayed on all sides, and sighed in his heart:

'So this is the High Firmament Pavilion. Others fight to the death and scheme for countless years just for a single cultivation method, while my family can obtain one with ease… without having to worry about our Dao lineage being controlled by others.'

If it weren't for the High Firmament Pavilion, the Li family would have to repeat what Ji An had so diligently begged for countless times!

Li Jiangqian entered personally but did not expect such a valuable place to appear so simple and clean. He observed it carefully before his gaze finally fell upon a purple bamboo slip. He closed his eyes to experience it:

'It's mainly cultivation methods and spell arts… mostly orthodox. It seems the majority are from the Middle Ages. There's nothing from recent antiquity, and no unorthodox shamanic arts or techniques…'

He searched around and nodded to himself.

'Good, the Method of Concealing and Summoning of the Profound of the Captured Beam is not here… Even unorthodox methods of the same major category as the Art of the Perfected Sleeve Residence are absent.'

With this observation, Li Jiangqian had a good idea of things. He immediately envisioned his other objective:

'A method for traversing the Great Void…'

With just a glance, he couldn't help but suck in a sharp breath—it wasn't that there were none; in fact, there were quite a few. And the cheapest among them was the 'Instantaneous Radiance Traversal Art,' which required a full nine hundred and nineteen immortal merits!

'It's as expensive as the methods for constructing in the Great Void! It's only cheaper than the lowest-grade construction method, the Void-Chamber Refining Art, by a little over one hundred immortal merits.'

The thoughts in his mind gradually shifted:

"In that case, just like with the construction arts, it's probably more cost-effective to obtain one from the mortal world. My family has frequent contact with the great Daoist traditions; it shouldn't be too difficult to acquire one. Depending on the situation, I can just exchange for a top-tier one later when I have a surplus of immortal merits."

After a general browse, he finally looked toward his own Dao lineage:

"'Radiant Fire,' I have already mastered the 'Great Scripture of Radiance.' What remains are two Life Divine Abilities, one Art Divine Ability, and one Body Divine Ability…"

There were two Life Divine Abilities in the Radiant Fire path. According to the conventions of cultivation, Li Jiangqian's next divine ability would naturally fall into this category:

'It's either 'Position Arising from Entanglement' or 'March of Peace.''

This didn't require much thought. No matter how confident Li Jiangqian was, he wouldn't place a Life Divine Ability on the path of his Purple Mystery cultivation. By cultivating one beforehand, the road ahead would be relatively smoother.

Thus, he took out several cultivation manuals to read carefully and soon had a clear idea:

"'Position Arising from Entanglement' should be an extremely orthodox path within 'Radiant Fire,' just like the 'The Path Dedicated' of Upright Wood and the 'Position Follows Peril' of Pit Water. It has the significance of a fundamental Dao and is a relatively pure Life Divine Ability."

"'March of Peace' is different."

This was a divine ability that Li Jiangqian had almost never heard of in the outside world, yet in the High Firmament Pavilion, it was mostly written about in clear detail:

"This divine ability leans toward offense. Although it is a Life Divine Ability, it has a strong shadow of an Art Divine Ability. It wouldn't be an exaggeration to call it a life-art hybrid. It even has the offensive phenomenon of controlling various lands…"

Whether it was a Life Divine Ability, a Body Divine Ability, or an Art Divine Ability, or even the Eye Divine Ability often mentioned by northern cultivators, they were essentially derived from the names given by cultivators. In reality, divine abilities were only responsible to the Fruition Attainment. There was much overlap, making clear distinctions difficult.

But Li Jiangqian had his own ideas.

'My future path is still unclear. Although 'Radiant Fire' is good, if I cannot achieve the Dao, then it's all for nothing!'

The look in his eyes gradually brightened:

'If I have a surplus of cultivation slots, there's naturally no need to overthink it; I would simply master one divine ability after another. Success or death. But if I must intercalate, then I need to consider things carefully. The Radiant Fire path is already close to the Bright Yang path. If Father achieves the Dao, I will most likely have to intercalate with Bright Yang. That means I would only cultivate four Radiant Fire divine abilities and must discard one of them… As for which one to discard, that is something worth serious consideration.'

'Position Arising from Entanglement is the most orthodox Radiant Fire divine ability; I can cultivate it anytime. But March of Peace… listening to its name, it has the connotation of an emperor's punitive expedition. Observing its Daoist art, it has the intent of entering the world to kill. It must be a manifestation of the affinity between Radiant Fire and Bright Yang!'

The young man paced a few steps in the pavilion, his expression growing determined:

'The Great Scripture of Radiance is the Art of Gazing Upon and Describing the Sun, related to the three Yangs at least. The first step was not wrong… This second one should also be March of Peace!'

He made his decision but was still very cautious:

'Father's Dao-Profundity in the Bright Yang path is high, so I should ask him about this matter. But he won't be free these next few years. I'll take the qi-gathering technique first and have people go gather qi. When Father emerges from his seclusion, I'll ask him again just to be safe!'

Li Jiangqian's mind was filled with many thoughts. Even though he had very little understanding of intercalation and surplus, by relying on his Dao-Profundity from cultivating to the Purple Mansion Realm and the complete and abundant Daoist treasury in the High Firmament Pavilion which he could freely choose from, he still made the best possible choice for his current situation!

"The family also has the Clarity-Truth Spirit-Union Pill. My life-mandate is very strong, and I have the Double Fire Twin-Light Instrument in hand. With this two-pronged approach, the possibility of succeeding in one go is not small…"

"I have yet to consume a Talisman Pill for the Purple Mansion Realm. Based on the effects Grand-Uncle experienced back then, it's no worse than during the Foundation Establishment Realm… After the next divine ability is formed, I'll spend some time in seclusion to consume it, and I can immediately connect to the third divine ability!"

As for the divine ability cultivation base condensed from Talisman Qi, Li Jiangqian had no plans to use it for the time being. He ambitiously made his arrangements:

'The later I use it, the better… I can even save it for the fourth divine ability… achieve it in an instant, and immediately go to verify the five methods.'
