# Chapter 1285: Deploying the Foundation

The great desert.

On the Seeking Evil Stage, wondrous transformations occurred as flames surged and echoed. Slivers of interweaving light, born of Dawn Qi and Lesser Yang, drifted gently down. A Daoist Master with a serious expression, clad in armor, sat upright in the hall, his hands resting on the table as he remained silent.

The Daoist Master below him was much younger, with a dot of Cinnabar between his brows and a thoughtful expression filling his face, he asked,

"Since that is the case, may I venture to ask fellow Daoist Kuang Hong... what is the meaning of this 'Whole Pill Has Supplement'?"

The Daoist Master in the seat of honor said gravely,

"My Qusi Daoist Tradition has a saying—Water and fire are the means by which yin and yang illuminate the five virtues, something Material Transformation cannot achieve. For the Whole Pill to achieve the Dao, the Dao lies in seeking wholeness through transformation; aversion to merging and fear of converging cannot achieve this wholeness. One must conquer and merge them."

"Conquer and merge."

The Daoist Master with the Cinnabar mark between his brows pondered for a long time before speaking,

"The tradition I inherited is not very profound, yet I also know that the Whole Pill fears merging and loathes converging. How can one possibly conquer it..."

Kuang Hong smiled, "This is not something I am capable of knowing. You will have to ask Fairy Suyun."

Cheng Qian immediately looked embarrassed and said,

"The Daoist scriptures are the very foundation of one's standing. As I have not an inch of merit, it is absolutely improper for me to ask."

Cheng Qian's current situation was indeed somewhat awkward. Although Li Que'wan was also a Whole Pill cultivator, at least her Spiritual Treasure was formidable, and she also possessed shamanic arts. When she fought, she might not be strong in a direct confrontation, but she mostly had marvelous, unexpected methods to deal with enemies.

As for him, a Whole Pill rogue cultivator, it was one thing that his combat abilities were lacking, but his greatest use was inducing changes in material properties, yet Li Que'wan far surpassed him in both Dao-Profundity and divine abilities...

Therefore, he had the heart to seek the Dao, but he did not know how to ask. Fortunately, Kuang Hong came from an extraordinary background and normally discussed some Daoist arts with him, which was also greatly beneficial.

Hearing his words, the man in the seat of honor said,

"Be it the Fairy or King Wei, neither is a stingy person. Cheng Qian, just go and ask!"

Cheng Qian just sighed, and before he could speak, he already saw someone striding into the hall. The person was slender, extremely handsome, and wore an ink brush and a profound ruler at his waist. He was holding a set of robes in his hands and smiled,

"Fellow Daoists, the refinement is complete!"

This set of robes obtained by the Li family still had its original owner's imprint and had not been refined, but this was not a difficult task. Kuang Hong's Assistance in Usurpation was inherently an art of transformation; after he applied the spell art, it was sent into the hands of Cui Jueyin of the Bright Yang, and it was finished in merely a few months.

None of the three were arrogant people. Cui Jueyin was respectful and polite, Cheng Qian was gentle and mild-mannered, and Kuang Hong, despite having the highest background, treated others with sincerity. They were relatively harmonious with one another. Kuang Hong just smiled and said,

"This is good news. You should pull fellow Daoist Lian over and not let him hesitate here."

Cui Jueyin also understood his concern and extended a hand with a smile.

"Daoist Master Lian, please..."

Cheng Qian smiled and shook his head, but he was pulled up by Kuang Hong, so he said,

"I won't stay any longer. The Great Young Master is cultivating in the tower. With the three of us Purple Mansion Realm cultivators squeezed together, the spiritual qi can't even be divided evenly. I will disturb your cultivation."

They rode the wind together into the Great Void. Cui Jueyin, however, wore a thoughtful expression. Cheng Qian noticed it from the side and voiced a question, only to see Cui Jueyin say with a serious face,

"The three of us are now at the lake, and we have no path of retreat. The north is fraught with crises; a single moment of carelessness will result in our bodies perishing and our Daos being extinguished. Fellow Daoist Lian, you achieved your divine ability many years ago and have cultivated for a long time. Your second divine ability is right before you. You absolutely must not be so closed-minded, or else you will end up regretting your own death."

Cheng Qian was silent for a moment, then said,

"This Lian also knows... but the Great Young Master gifted me a Spiritual Artifact back then. I have not had time to repay him, nor have I established any merits, so it is not proper to discuss the Golden Books. Now that I am going along, I am also thinking of asking for a task to do."

The two landed within the formation and headed straight for the main hall, only to discover bursts of spiritual qi within and hear a woman's clear, bright voice,

"Please come in, you two Daoist Masters!"

The great hall was actually covered in scrolls, laid out densely like fish scales, covering the floor in a sea of white. Their profound patterns were mysterious, leaving no place to step. Strips of white scrolls also hung down from the hall's beams, filling the entire space.

A woman holding a spirit brush flashed forward from the middle of the hall. She saw the spiritual robe in Cui Jueyin's hands and then saw Cheng Qian, her eyes lighting up as she said,

"Daoist Master Cheng Qian, you've come at the perfect time! I have an important matter to discuss with you!"

For the matter of the mystic realm's Profound Foundation, Cheng Qian would naturally be of use. It was just that the Li family's establishment of a mystic realm was considered a secret, so it had been kept under tight wraps previously, and none of them knew. Li Que'wan had also been careful, not taking out her own jade slips directly, but instead pretending to deduce the information and writing it all out one by one.

Only then did she say with great solemnity,

"There are tens of millions of words here. Fellow Daoist Lian, please read through them once, and then I will discuss it with you. This matter is extremely crucial. You absolutely must not leak it, and it will require spending some years..."

Her beautiful eyes were grave.

"If this succeeds, I will absolutely not treat you unfairly!"

Cheng Qian's heart shook at her words. Cui Jueyin, meanwhile, turned his body to the side, avoiding looking at the talismans on the floor. Only then did Li Que'wan turn, exiting with Cui Jueyin. The man lowered his gaze and said,

"Miss... the Daoist robe is refined."

Cui Jueyin had spent most of his years with the Li family and had known Li Que'wan from an early age, so he was accustomed to the old form of address. He placed it in her hands and said softly,

"This item is named the Celestial Yang Profound Fire Robe. It is an ancient Wei Dharma robe. Judging by its patterns and form, it dates close to the fall of the Great Wei. This ancient Wei senior must have refined it in their later years."

"It has three wondrous abilities. The first is Governing Yang, which can assist in the cultivation of the Bright Yang and Molten Fire divine abilities. This is also the robe's greatest function, and its effect is extremely good..."

He hesitated a moment before adding,

"According to your subordinate's speculation, depending on the difficulty of the divine ability, it provides at least a five percent boost, and as much as twenty percent..."

"The second is named Converging Fire, which originates from Molten Fire. It can assist a cultivator in containing, refining, and activating flames. Furthermore, it can internally nourish all fires and maintain the fire-virtue dharma power within the body... The only thing to note is that if one has fire-related injuries, it is unsuitable to wear this robe."

Li Que'wan's expression turned slightly odd as she nodded silently.

'Granduncle won't be able to use this...'

Cui Jueyin's expression grew more solemn as he continued,

"The remaining divine ability is named Imperial Radiance. It can borrow a wisp of the Supreme Yang's brilliance to augment all kinds of fire-virtue spell arts. Although there is a cooldown period for casting... it is very formidable!"

Li Que'wan's eyes lit up.

"This is more than just formidable; this is surely the key that allows this robe to stand out and overcome enemies!"

The brilliance of the Supreme Yang had always been formidable. Even a single wisp possessed various effects, such as suppressing other Daos and expelling evil spirits. Although the description was simple, it was extremely useful and had almost no restrictions. Once a Dharma Art reached a certain level, like the Great Radiance of White Brilliance, every extra bit of power was extremely crucial, let alone the brilliance of the Supreme Yang!

This meant the Celestial Yang Profound Fire Robe was no longer just a Dharma robe that could only assist cultivation, but one that could play a major role in combat.

'Even if it doesn't have a single bit of defensive or evasive ability, it is still an extremely good treasure!'

She nodded carefully, thinking.

"In the end, it still revolves around Molten Fire."

Cui Jueyin said with a serious expression,

"This senior must have paved a path for himself of Molten Fire intercalating Bright Yang, which is why this robe exists."

Li Que'wan nodded, "I often hear that Bright Yang and Radiant Fire assist each other, but now, looking at the fallen mystic realms from the various families of Luoxia, most of them involve Molten Fire. Perhaps it was the preference of the mystic realm's owner..."

Cui Jueyin looked as if he wanted to speak but hesitated, then paused and said,

"My Cui clan... has some ancestral lineages and some secrets passed down by word of mouth. This Bright Yang, in earlier times, was not close to Radiant Fire. Radiant Fire was closest to the Supreme Yang. Or rather... among the three yangs, the Merging, Blazing, and Radiant fires originally followed the Supreme Yang."

Li Que'wan nodded thoughtfully, "Sun's Resonant Radiance Art..."

She pondered deeply for a while before snapping out of it. Looking at the spiritual robe in her hands, she said,

"Daoist Master Cui, please take this and use it for now."

Cui Jueyin said in alarm, "How can this be allowed!"

Li Que'wan shook her head.

"Brother is already in seclusion and cannot be disturbed. Furthermore, this item maintains fire-virtue dharma power, which is unrelated to normal cultivation, but it has the effect of strengthening the Bright Yang divine ability. Grand-uncle happens to have just completed his two divine abilities and is currently condensing his immortal foundation, so he has no use for it at the moment."

Cui Jueyin was not overly polite. Hearing her words, he immediately nodded and said,

"Senior Zhaojing bestowed medicinal pills upon me. Since that is the case, I shall use this robe and work at top speed to completely refine the Eternal Brightness Steps and enhance my divine ability."

Li Que'wan said softly, "Do it in Milin. The spiritual atmosphere there is newly formed. If you bring out the Profound Hall, you will achieve twice the result with half the effort. Furthermore..."

She gave a slight smile,

"Granduncle is also at that place. I heard from brother... that Daoist Master Cui found a promising seed for alchemy. He sent people to investigate a few days ago. The Qiao clan's people are the first to migrate, arriving successively in Jianghuai, and are just now being led over to pay their respects."

Cui Jueyin instantly understood. He performed a salute, stepped on the wind, and departed. Only then did Li Que'wan turn back and re-enter the hall. That Daoist Master was sitting distractedly in a side seat, looking as if he had just awoken from a dream. He raised his head in horror and said,

"King Wei wants to... establish a mystic realm?!"

Li Que'wan nodded with a smile. Cheng Qian first opened his mouth, then let out a long sigh.

"True... establishing a mystic realm is not a difficult matter for King Wei." He continued, "It just so happens that the two newly obtained Profound Halls can both be put to use. My Overlook Peak's ancestor originally had a main hall. Listening to my Master, it was extremely glorious, something that shook the Eastern Sea back in the day. Unfortunately... it was snatched away by Zhu Kui."

The Li family was originally unfamiliar with the Daoist Masters of the north, but after Li Zhouwei conquered Luoxia, she had been stationed at Mount Liangchuan. Listening to the accounts of those Luoxia Daoist Masters, she learned there were two Great Daoist Masters further north. One was Chiguang, and the other was Zhu Kui.

'The relics of Daoist Master Kui Qi from the Great Xiukui Monastery also seem to be in his hands.'

Thinking of this, she asked,

"What Daoist Tradition does this person belong to? What is his background?"

Cheng Qian sighed.

"This person doesn't belong to any profound Daoist Tradition. He just has some Dao-wisdom and obtained a few lineages, but his methods are despicable. He cultivates Profound Qi. When he failed to cross the Purple Mystery, he supplemented it with a measure of Baleful Qi. He is more shameless than the Touba family, is skilled in using avatars, and relies on harming the divine abilities of others to cultivate..."

"He doesn't dare provoke those major figures and often uses his power to oppress people or profits from chaos. He harmed my grandmaster back in the day; he's the sort of person who just stirs up trouble."

Cheng Qian had always been restrained, but when speaking of this person, he couldn't stop talking, revealing the disgust and hatred in his heart.

Li Que'wan nodded in understanding and said no more on the topic, asking,

"These methods for the Profound Foundation, can you understand them?"

Cheng Qian shook his head with a self-deprecating laugh, a look of admiration in his eyes.

"Daoist Master Suyun's intellect is astounding. Since she has already written it so clearly, if I still couldn't understand it, I might as well give up on cultivating this divine ability."

She smiled and touched the jade slip in her sleeve, calculating silently in her heart.

'All the deductions are in this jade slip. Aside from setting a few key points, I just need to copy it exactly. If I were to do this myself, it would still require five to ten years of work.'

But with Cheng Qian, Li Que'wan could hand over these tedious tasks to him and coordinate from the center. Aside from the most core steps that required her to oversee them personally, which would take two or three years, she could spend the rest of the time cultivating spell arts and advancing her divine abilities!

'It's just... this will trouble fellow Daoist Lian...'

She then spoke, her voice gentle,

"This matter will perhaps delay you for some years, fellow Daoist. If there is any compensation you require, please, fellow Daoist Lian, feel free to ask."

This was exactly the sentence Cheng Qian had been waiting for. He said in a low voice,

"This is a matter within your subordinate's duty. Being able to reconnect to a Daoist Tradition and rely on the lake for cultivation, Cheng Qian is already at ease and has no other requests."

'A Daoist Tradition...'

Li Que'wan had received the incense and status of the Golden Oneness Daoist Tradition, so she could not easily promise it to others. However, it was not difficult for the Li family to find a lesser Dao lineage. The Great Xiukui Monastery had a copy of the Secret White Mercury, the Daoist Masters of Xinggong Terrace still relied on the Li clan, and the High Firmament Pavilion was even less lacking in such things.

But Cheng Qian was doing his duty, so it was naturally the Li family's duty to reconnect his Daoist Tradition for him. This was a tacit understanding established long ago. Although Cheng Qian did not ask for more, she could not simply ignore it. She pondered for a moment, mulling it over in her heart,

'Whole Pill Spiritual Artifacts are already hard to find, and good ones are even rarer. I even need to refine one for myself. If the opportunity arises, I could perhaps search for one for him among the Three Shamans and Two Rites.'

...

Jianghuai.

Heading south from the Xiang lands and crossing Tangdao Mountain, the barrier to Jianghuai, one could see the green color of the grass. The distant mountain range was buried in a turbid mist, resembling a slumbering behemoth.

Qiao Yue rode the wind, pausing to stop in the sky. Everyone to his left and right remained silent, wordlessly accompanying his gaze.

The Qiao clan had cultivated in the north for many years. They had their ups and downs, and it wasn't as if they had never set foot in the south—the Qiao clan had served as generals during the Wei Dynasty. When Wei and Chu contended, most of Jianghuai was in Wei's hands, and the Qiao clan had even guarded the riverbanks.

To come south again, yet this time as displaced wanderers.

The various families of Luoxia had all received rewards one by one in this great war. His Qiao clan had lost its mystic realm and its great formation was broken; they had lost no less than any other family. The Jia and Wei families, and the Yu clan, who had sacrificed similarly, even received mystic realms in return! Yet all the Qiao clan received was the simple phrase: "Populate Jianghuai."

Among the various families of Luoxia, the direct lineages of the Qiao clan and the Ju clan were the first to be relocated. The Purple Mansion Realm cultivators of the other families were still meeting the Emperor and dividing up land, but these two families had been swept out like a pile of trash. The Ju clan had lost its great formation, while the Qiao clan still had the ruins of its mystic realm yet to be salvaged, all of which was handed over to the Holder of the Profound, Chen Wenyao, who was stationed here!

This great lord had said he would send everything south, bit by bit, but if anything was truly missing or lost, how would the Qiao clan dare to say a single word of complaint!

The Qiao clansmen saw this clearly and, in truth, were quite resentful and dissatisfied.

'All because we have no Purple Mansion Realm cultivator to back us!'

Only Qiao Yue understood completely in his heart, "Having no Purple Mansion Realm cultivator... that alone is enough."

A Qiao clan with no Purple Mansion Realm cultivator held little value, whether to the Li clan or to the Great Song. To be holding such great benefits and still be able to retreat from the situation intact was already a blessing from the Martial Cultivation's radiance.

'Those old mystic realm ruins... even if not a single shred is returned to my Qiao clan... that would still be a way to dispel calamity!'

His gaze shifted, landing on the man beside him. Ju Liangwang appeared even more at ease than he did, looking at the distant scenery without saying much. Qiao Yue sighed inwardly and asked,

"Senior Ju..."

Ju Liangwang smiled and said,

"Fellow Daoist Qiao, from now on... our two families will be living as neighbors!"

The lands enfeoffed to the Ju and Qiao clans were both in the White River area, adjacent to the Mausoleum of Turbid Slaughter. To the south, one could see the eastern bank of the Li clan's territory. Across the river was the Wilderness. Qiao Yue merely exchanged a look with him and nodded very naturally:

"We must... pay our respects at the mountain gate together."

