# Chapter 1306: In the Snap of a Finger

The imperial throne in heaven and earth was boundlessly high, its image level with the heavens, the apex of the great hall a brightness descending from the sky; these lights were like beams of brilliant white swords, filling the entire hall and streaking past the fluttering long rope.

This long rope was engraved with golden patterns of undulating mountains and rivers, faintly hidden within clouds and mist, yet it was tightly grasped by that massive hand; its ends struggled like a vivid viper, but it could not escape.

Mountain-Shrouding Earth-Moving Rope.

The flowing patterns of mountains and rivers reflected in those golden pupils, seeming to evoke some terrible memories, and the sight of that elegant, white-robed man rapidly distancing himself from the great hall made the killing intent in the monarch's eyes thicken.

'Little Uncle...'

During the thirteen years Li Ximing spent in seclusion breaking through, that thunder-wielding uncle was the only person Li Zhouwei trusted to hold the north.
To put it bluntly, in the Li family at that time, besides Li Zhouwei himself, Li Chenghui was the sole pillar of support.

And he... he had perished right in Changxiao's scheme, fallen right beneath this Mountain-Shrouding Earth-Moving Rope!

This made King Wei clench his fingers so tightly that the treasure emitted a faint whine; his heart seethed with boiling killing intent, which he forced himself to suppress until the great hall boomed shut.

_Boom!_

This sound was like the first thunderclap splitting the mist between heaven and earth, yet also like a long, mournful wail. The monarch on the main throne grasped the long rope in one hand, his other palm facing down, and suddenly clenched the red-based, golden-blood-flecked spiritual sword without a hint of distraction or hesitation.

He vanished.

Blood fell like rain within the great hall as an invisible, binding power spread out; Su Yan's raised hand froze in mid-air, a boundless chill flooding his mind.

'A Great Daoist Master!'

'A Bright Yang Great Daoist Master!'

If one had to find the Dao lineage fastest at suppressing and slaying lower-level cultivators, Bright Yang would undoubtedly top the list—the first emperor of the Celestial Dynasty had bestowed far too many conceptual-aspects upon it based on his own merits, and the Wei royal family had refined it time and time again over the long ages..

That figure standing in the light gave him a momentary illusion...

Back then, in the vast Jianghuai, the chaotic world was in turmoil. He had not yet known days of bowing and scraping, and with his skills alone, he stirred up the entire Capital Immortals Dao of the Purple Mansion Realm Dao lineage until it knew no peace, standing in the light, high-spirited and proud.

Until that person appeared, treading on flames and standing on the horizon, just as suffocating, just as paralyzing, separated by a chasm-like gulf, a pale testament to despair.

His strength wasn't a matter of degrees, nor was it a matter of true essence, dharma power, or Dao-Profundity realm; it was a strength that rendered one utterly powerless, a strength that drowned you in shame and indignation.

'Fellow Daoist Lin...'

In his brief Foundation Establishment Realm career, he had only been defeated that one time.

That youth standing in the wind and sand, arrogant and self-confident to an unbelievable degree, had laughed, saying only one thing,

"Considering you are a man of outstanding talent, I will not kill you."

The still-youthful Su Yan had lost immense face; still unreconciled, he asked wretchedly,

"Letting me go like this, do you not fear my resentment, that I will return for revenge one day?"

The youth merely pulled him up to drink, saying,

"You are merely a man of talent, and human effort cannot overcome the will of heaven. Given time, if you were to become my enemy, it would take but a snap of my fingers."

He too was a genius with immense pride, but that one encounter became a darkness that could never be erased from his heart. In the Golden Oneness Daoist Tradition, he had seen so many geniuses and mighty figures without a trace of inferiority, even allowing his boundless imagination to soar, thinking he had already bid farewell to his short and narrow Foundation Establishment Realm career.

Yet at the slightest similarity in the scene before him, this dark fear seemed to awaken and devour him whole. Before despair could even spread, his eyes reflected a point of white light, a sharp point that rapidly magnified, the crescent-moon branches of the halberd blurring like the rising and falling horn of a galloping qilin.

In that limited time, he could only silently raise his longsword, his thumb sliding upward, attempting to cover the gemstone inlaid on the hilt.

Not enough time.

Completely out of time.

The halberd's edge seemed to materialize right before him, stabbing toward the spot between his brows without a hint of hesitation or mercy; the persuasion of Golden Oneness and the might of a great Daoist Tradition had not the slightest effect on this King Wei.

_Dong!_

The next instant, a brightness like true gold gushed from his Shengyang Acupoint, transforming into a shimmering halo that enveloped his Dharma Body from top to bottom.

The brilliance Tianhuo had confidently claimed could withstand ten rounds from a Great Daoist Master indented deeply before this one halberd strike; that bright white point seemed ready to pierce the transparent colors at any moment and claim his life!

With this brief respite, he finally managed to turn his longsword.

A deep blue brilliance surged, dharma power not belonging to his own divine abilities welled up; at that instant, a crisp sound rang in his ears, as if a golden ring had struck the light and retreated in frustration.

Only then could the calm, belated voice be heard.

"Pardon the offense."

Those three words seemed to be golden, landing heavily on the ground; everything around him changed abruptly, and before he knew it, he was standing beneath the glittering Celestial Gate, surrounded by a scorching, terrifying pressure.

Heavenly Audience Gate.

There was no process of descent, no booming momentum; it seemed to press on his back innately, bright and radiant, the heavens' majestic might.

Imperial Observation of the Origin could link all of Bright Yang's divine abilities, a process that actually required the divine ability and one's Dao-Profundity to be honed together. Li Zhouwei had sensed this long ago, and with his Dao-Profundity, even having just mastered the divine ability, it was already perfectly unified and responsive.

Only then did the roiling Boundless Ocean belatedly arrive. Even with the support of that deep blue brilliance, it was momentarily stifled, trapped between the divine abilities, trying time and again to break free.

But high in the sky, the qilin patterns on the black-robed man's face were already completely luminous, his pair of golden pupils had turned to pure white light, and his other hand gripped a short axe; its gold was dark and deep, covered in dense patterns that climbed from his palm onto the weapon's body, as if they were one and the same.

The Illustrious-Yang King's Battle Axe.

When Li Ximing had obtained this treasure, it possessed a wondrous quality that activated innately, one he had secretly valued immensely: Mandate!

'The strong can look down upon all, the weak will invite disaster; it can bear the weight of an empire and sweep away all troubles.'

The more Bright Yang divine abilities the wielder possessed, the greater the treasure's might; it was precisely because of this wondrous quality that Li Zhouwei valued this item, using it ever since he had only one divine ability.

And now, he was a Great Daoist Master!

The might of the Illustrious-Yang King's Battle Axe surged once more, possessing a ferocious power; a single strike was in no way weaker than an offense-oriented Spiritual Treasure—especially with the augmentation of his various divine abilities!

Its usual cumbersome drawback was also greatly compensated for; while not fast, it was definitely no longer a weakness, and at the very instant Heavenly Audience Gate descended, a pure halberd-light shone forth!

Splitting Light!

_Dong!_

The entire world trembled violently; all the colors of Imperial Observation of the Origin caved inward along the path of the halberd-light, like a shattering painting, filling the sky with falling golden radiance.

The majestic, direct pressure and the wondrous quality of a superior looking down upon all were applied simultaneously, a terrifying might that nearly drained this King Wei of all his divine ability and dharma power!

He held nothing back!

_Om..._

Golden light that pierced the heavens filled his pupils, and that familiar darkness welled up in his heart. The youth's fragile thread of desire to live seemed to have been severed.

The brilliance that supposedly could withstand ten blows from a Great Daoist Master shattered before this King Wei's third strike; golden cracks appeared on the blue-robed youth's forehead, King Jing's sword pierced his Shengyang Acupoint, and what echoed in his mind was still that laughing remark from all those years ago.

'...but a snap of my fingers!'

A vast, illusory multicolored light surged from his body, like wind, like rain, like a gurgling stream, converging into a sea. The wave-like light swept past King Wei's face, and with it retreated the darkness and light of the world.

A wide expanse of water finally appeared before them.

All divine abilities in the world stagnated as they watched the vast water vapor rush to the sky. A waterfall, as if from a bursting lake, descended from the heavens and poured into this boundless surface, carrying a seven-hued light, faintly iridescent.

A divine ability had fallen.

'He's fallen...'

'He was killed, just like that.'

All of this had happened in less than ten breaths.

Gaze after gaze gathered, filled with fear, horror, and mostly, disbelief. Even Chiguang, who was busy snatching treasures in the sky, looked over, his expression complex.

Amidst the black and white undulations at his feet, the elegant Daoist Master's figure was long gone, while in the distance, the True Fire flickered slightly, as if speaking.

The golden-robed man's eyes held not much surprise, but rather, regret.

The moment Li Zhouwei appeared and Changxiao cautiously retreated, Tianque knew this would be the outcome.

No matter how one looked at it, Su Yan was merely a new Purple Mansion Realm cultivator with a single divine ability, and he had encountered the Bright Yang's Qilin son, who only grew stronger against the weak. The vast gap in their divine abilities and Dao-Profundity all favored Bright Yang.

'Li Zhouwei's speed in killing him wouldn't be any slower than an all-out strike from a perfected divine ability!'

Besides, whether it was ten breaths or twenty, at this point, it was meaningless.

'Changxiao is a cautious man; he either doesn't act, or he sees it through. Since he retreated a step, he will leave directly!'

If Li Zhouwei still only had three divine abilities, Wu Gao could at least suppress him, and Changxiao could hold off Han and Yang, saving Su Yan would be no problem; but Li Zhouwei had four divine abilities...

It had happened too fast.

The instant Li Zhouwei moved to trap Su Yan, that Great Daoist Master had already used his ultimate divine ability to flee. Han Ling and Yang Ruiyi couldn't have been happier to see him go and naturally didn't try to stop him!

And with Changxiao gone, Wu Gao could at best hold off Yang Ruiyi. Even if Su Yan could last another move or two, what awaited him was definitely not rescue, but the predatory Han Ling.

The fatal conflict between their Dao lineages was enough to give this Great Daoist Master killing intent, let alone for an already-offended, promising young Purple Mansion Realm cultivator.

Han Ling's killing intent was even heavier than Li Zhouwei's, and even in the wild fantasy that King Wei was here to protect Su Yan, Han Ling would still have drawn her sword!

'Even if he'd lasted another ten breaths, it would have been utterly futile.'

The ideal result, of course, was to stall until Xiao Chuting could rely on his slowly rising divine ability and dharma power to defeat Daoist Master Qu, but now, as the brilliance of Dwelling in the Pit-Stream flowed down, neither Xiao Chuting nor Su Yan had gained much benefit; not even the Sarira had emerged, and Xiao Chuting was even at a great disadvantage!

Since that was the case.

Various emotions flashed through Tianque's mind. His gaze didn't linger for even a moment on the phenomenon of the cultivator's fall, but instead slowly filled with expectation.

'Let us see... your final brilliance...'

Thus, all was silent, with only the lights in the sky flickering. The radiance of Dwelling in the Pit-Stream poured down, and after a long moment, the items below finally erupted forth.

First among them was that multicolored, glittering Sarira, like glazed glass!

The Buddhist light in the sky, however, did not move, tacitly maintaining the stalemate until the Sarira, as if summoned, sped northward, leaving the central battleground of the two great cultivators. In an instant, golden bodies revealed themselves!

The war of all aspects!

And on the other side of the world, a powerful feedback refilled King Wei's drained divine ability and dharma power. He hovered in the sky like a deity, raising his brow to gaze into the distance.

His golden pupils stared, a shadow of unease clouding them.

'Still no movement... When will the one from Cangzhou make a move...'

He suppressed the unease in his heart and stared at the shifting horizon, finally seeing that small, white-jade tower fly out, its colors hazy, as if hung with several small curtains, exuding a captivating glow.

White Curtain Old Dream Tower.

Li Zhouwei's gaze finally shifted. He temporarily pulled his focus from the changing grand situation, his form transforming into a Heavenly Light, streaking away like a tiger locking onto its prey.

_Boom!_

Divine abilities collided and Buddhist light flowed. Amidst the various unspoken battles, the stalemate in the sky held with a tacit understanding, and as time passed, everyone moved farther and farther from the two fighting in the center.

The entire world vibrated as if trembling.

In the sky, Dwelling in the Pit-Stream lost its diversion, and all its colors converged on one person. Beneath the endless flames, Xiao Chuting's disadvantageous trend suddenly halted, as if he had undergone a qualitative leap, and a terrifying Pit Water brilliance exploded forth!

The clouds and mist in the very center began to roil, one moment a meandering stream with clear, gurgling water, the next a surging calamity-wind bringing great disaster to immortal cultivators; water and fire scattered under the intense struggle, like thousands of jade beads rolling across the sky, transforming into a splendid ocean.

And in the distance, the Boundless Ocean phenomenon landed, raising the surging water level even higher as a massive amount of deep blue brilliance began to pour down, breaking past the critical threshold.

The surging Pit Water immediately turned the tide, suppressing the Profound Qi!

The great divine abilities battling in the sky began to retreat one by one, and the empty space in the heavens grew, as if left for the central battle, or perhaps... left for the one attaining the Gold.

"Boom!"

The sound of thunder and heavy grey clouds whistled over, and the sky seemed to be left with only the endlessly roiling Pit Water. The thin old man was like a lone sail on a vast sea, tossed about in the water, in imminent peril.

"Daoist Master Xiao, let us contest this one final move!"

Qu Wo's face held no remorse or unease, only an utterly clear tranquility. His body began to dissolve into a sky-blotting aura of calamity, leaving only a laugh that resounded through the heavens.

"What a pity! I will not be able to witness Fellow Daoist attain the Gold!"

(End of this chapter)
