# Chapter 1317: Celestial Phenomenon

The hour grew late, the mountain springs tinkled, and the layered forests were dyed in autumn hues.

Amidst the embrace of the mountains lay a great city, its four borders ancient and simple, appearing unremarkable yet exquisite in every detail, with extremely dense spiritual qi, though the silhouettes in the neighborhoods were sparse, and the occasional one or two old men passing hurriedly by possessed obscure auras, clearly no ordinary mortals.

This place was Chun City of Gu Prefecture.

Gu Prefecture had been the center of the world since ancient times. When the Immortal Dao was flourishing back then, this place gathered the essence of the entire world, with one prefecture and twenty-one cities established on the periphery, which was demarcated by Taishu Kuangyi in those years, and the great city in the very center, enclosed by seventeen mountains, was once the temporary palace of the Human Emperor!

It was a pity that when Zixuan was verifying the Dao back then, he whipped up a storm of blood and carnag. This First Demon Ancestor fought the great figures of Zhanyang and Chengzun until the various families of the world were scattered and displaced, and he even tore down the temporary palace, so the various returning families later rebuilt a small city on this site.

The cultivator who led the various families in their return held the Daoist title of Daochun, later becoming True Monarch Daochun of the Azure Profundity. The various families were grateful for his immortal virtue and relied on his immortal might, so they called this city 'Chun City'.

Each family possessed secret realms and grotto-heavens to house their clansmen, only allowing those with successful cultivation to come out here, so in this tiny city, there were unexpectedly no figures with unrefined cultivation bases.

The stone slab roads and azure bricks on the street were ancient and simple, yet they were fired from Treasured Earth, and those pitch-black roof tiles, simple and unadorned, were cast from dark gold, and everything from the flags fluttering in the neighborhoods to the trees in the mountain forests possessed a halo of bright, pristine color.

But amidst this peace, a streak of radiance came from the west, looking rather panicked. It circled the city once, and could only descend onto a mountain on one side, seeking a small lake amidst the heavy layers of forest, and heading towards a small pavilion by that lake.

Two people sat in the pavilion. The person on the left wore linen garments, `hunched and hunchbacked`, looking quite old, while the person on the right was somewhat younger, and they were quietly facing each other, while two people stood outside the pavilion: one with a martial appearance, standing with hands clasped behind his back, appearing anxious and uneasy, while the other was extremely young, looking quite at ease.

Seeing Jiang Dai descend, he stepped forward, his gaze grave,

"Is it really... King Wei?"

With the west fighting like fire and thunder, the east having so many divine abilities present must have seen it, so Jiang Dai only said,

"Reporting to Uncle... It is indeed..."

The person before him was impressively Jiang Fuwang!

This general, who possessed quite some means, had a face full of gravity, having scented the aura of danger, and was just about to ask more when Jiang Dai's gaze was already filled with disbelief, and he said in shock,

"He is a Great Daoist Master!"

This sentence was like a great stone thrown into a lake. The originally tranquil aura in the bright pavilion fluctuated, and one of the figures was seen dropping the chess piece in his hand, sighing,

"In the end, Tianxia was one step ahead in skill!"

The person playing against him did not answer, only holding his chess piece in silence, while below, Jiang Fuwang suffocated for a moment, then gritted his teeth and said,

"As expected! I wondered where the Imperial Observation of the Origin came from!"

He did not hesitate in the slightest, the ominous feeling in his heart growing heavier and heavier, saying,

"Where is Qiao Sanyi?"

Jiang Dai was equally full of unease, lowering his head to say,

"He was lured out by a streak of spirit fire... This junior originally wanted to go forward to rescue him, but was blocked by that Li Jiangqian. Not long after, the divine wonders of the Imperial Observation of the Origin manifested... I saw the situation was wrong and immediately withdrew."

Jiang Fuwang heard this with an ugly expression, saying,

"Li Jiangqian? Your Subjugating Crest is already accomplished, yet he could block you?"

Jiang Dai could only lower his head.

"He has a treasure gourd, which is very formidable..."

Jiang Fuwang, however, did not have the time to listen to his explanation, walking quickly back and forth below the pavilion with hands clasped behind his back for a while, before saying,

"Qiao Sanyi has surrendered!"

Jiang Dai raised his head, wanting to speak but stopping, seeing the face of the man before him gradually taking on a look of bitter hatred, saying,

"This is going to be trouble!"

"When Pang Ren proposed this poor strategy back then, I advised the Old Daoist Master that there would surely be future trouble, but they suppressed the matter and did not mention it, causing Sanyi to harbor resentment in his heart. If it were just that, it would be one thing, but they even ostracized him, telling him to go back and guard Juancheng..."

He said urgently:

"He already had dissatisfaction with the Prefecture, and now that he has defected to Bright Yang, aside from the few of our families who treated him well in ordinary times, to whom among the others would he be willing to show any face!"

"Brother Jiang, these words are incorrect."

The young man beside him spoke up, smiling,

"The one surnamed Qiao has always been shameless and greedy. If he stayed in the city, he would curse this person one moment and talk back to that person the next, and no one liked him. Guarding Juancheng was his own request, obviously to guard his clan and prepare to run off to defect to Bright Yang. His heart had already rebelled, so how could he be watched?"

"Otherwise, since he usually prides himself on being exceptionally intelligent, how could a mere spirit fire cause him to fall into a trap?"

Jiang Fuwang had his words blocked in his throat by this; he glanced coldly at the other, cursing in his heart,

'Could you, Pang Yi, not have sent someone else to guard it, keeping him in the Prefecture, and waiting until Juancheng was lost, wouldn't it be just right to send him to retake it? For the sake of his own foundation, how could he not do his utmost?'

```
But these words belonged to the Dao of warfare, not the act of treating people, and since Jiang Fuwang was considered to have friendly relations with the Qiao family, he did not speak them out to offend anyone, only turning his head away in silence.
```

The young man then turned to the seat of honor, smiling

"Two Lords, although Juancheng is the gateway, past Juancheng there are still the two passes of Yun and Pu. There is no need for excessive worry, we only need to block him outside the passes, deploy manpower in the north to block his path of detour, and then withdraw the people east of Wei Prefecture. If he detours eastward, not wishing to engage in battle with the Yan Kingdom, we will force him to have no choice but to connect with the Yan Kingdom, and when that time comes, could the Compassion Dao possibly sit idly by?"

Pang Yi continued indifferently,

"Li Zhouwei took Juancheng with speed, appearing to catch us off guard, but in reality, he has marched his troops into a perilous land without knowing it."

Although Jiang Fuwang did not like how he discarded Qiao Wenliu like a worn-out shoe, he had to admit that his countermeasure was rather perfect. He remained silent for a moment, only to see the old man wave his hand, saying,

"You may withdraw for now."

Pang Yi's expression did not change as he bowed and withdrew. Jiang Dai glanced at his uncle and also withdrew with him, leaving only three people by the lakeside, and Jiang Fuwang heard the old man say,

"Fuwang, how about sending Pang Yi westward to resist King Wei?"

Jiang Fuwang performed a bow, and although he did not like the person from just now, he still said,

"Daoist Master Pang is full of schemes, but he values the private and slights the public. If My Lord insists on sending him, you must carefully consider the candidates to accompany him..."

The old man said,

"How does he compare to Qi Lanyan?"

Jiang Fuwang was silent for a long time, then said,

"He has strategy to spare but insufficient courage. Furthermore, Qi Lanyan back then could at least block King Wei in a battle of divine abilities... but Fellow Daoist Pang..."

He paused slightly, saying bluntly,

"The current King Wei... even if Qi Lanyan were resurrected, with just those three Horn Woods, he would struggle to stand firm before him, let alone Fellow Daoist Pang?"

The old man laughed.

"Since there are deficiencies, and King Wei has become even more tyrannical than back then, how could he rely on him to block him? Since you say we need to block him, then it requires a Great Daoist Master to take the field."

Jiang Fuwang nodded solemnly.

The old man said,

"Is that Fellow Daoist currently in the city?"

Jiang Fuwang seemed to have already thought of this in his brief contemplation just now, saying softly,

"Senior Shangguan is cultivating at the foot of the mountain in order to search for that portion of Revering Radiance Moon Vein, and Daoist Master Tang has also gone out, having gone to the Eastern Sea to travel, leaving... leaving only Daoist Master Gu, he actually still has some leisure, cultivating inside the 'Wenhuang Residence'..."

The old man gave a deep laugh, saying,

"Then let it be Gu You, what do you say?"

His last few words, however, were not asking the junior below the platform, but the man sitting at the other end of the chess board, who had not spoken a word from start to finish, holding a white piece in his hand and listening quietly.

This person appeared middle-aged, with sword-like brows and star-like eyes, a broad face and thick shoulders. His Daoist robes were an uneven mix of yellow and white, and his pristine, heavy hand held that white piece, only raising his head after hearing the words.

In an instant, a hazy yellow light shrouded down, covering this tiny pavilion. Whether it was the Great Void or the present world, it seemed to be severed in an instant, and he smiled.

"How Senior Qu arranges things is Senior's affair, there is no need to ask Guanyi."

The old man shook his head and laughed, saying,

"How can I not ask?"

"Guanyi came this time not for the matters of Bright Yang, but actually from the vicinity of the Great Tomb River, coming to sit in command upon the river, and to invite Senior Qu to go with me to a place to suppress something."

"Oh? What place?"

"Juancheng."

The smile on the old man's face finally froze, and his gaze held a few more degrees of caution, as he said softly:

"I wonder what instructions there are?"

Yao Guanyi raised his head, saying casually:

"The Old Daoist Master may not know, but some days ago, wind and waves rose greatly on the Converging Heaven Sea. Several Dragon princes and grandsons rode the tide into the inner sea, passed through the sea surface, and came west along the river channel. A few days ago they had already arrived within the territory of Qi, and calculating the days, they will very soon be coming west!"

Old Daoist Master Qu was startled and alarmed, saying,

"Is it for the Great Tomb change?!"

"Not so."

Yao Guanyi had an inexplicable smile, saying,

"They are coming to see him."

Old Daoist Master Qu was stunned at first, but very quickly reacted to who was in Juancheng, and finally groaned endlessly, seeing Yao Guanyi say indifferently,

```
"Senior Qu, His Beijia's river duty is in the Jishui; if the Lord's Position is occupied, the Great River seizes the Ji; nowadays the Jishui only has this bottom branch left, and it still has to converge into the Great River; actually, it is not just the Jishui, the Great River was originally also the territory He walked, it is just that He does not dare to come."
```

Daoist Master Qu received his reminder, and only after a good while did he say,

```
"Although Beijia's river duty is in the Jishui, he can indeed follow the river channel to the mainland. Back then Dongfang Tianye and Dongfang Zaishi both competed for first place and walked the waters like this—but ordinarily, they would absolutely not come. This time it is... wanting to..."
```

"Now that he has sent his few Dragon princes and grandsons over, naturally they want to see the Qilin, and they only dare to do so in the Jishui."

Yao Guanyi's words were clear, causing Old Daoist Master Qu a bout of silence, before he said,

"Descendants of the Hornless Dragon entering the mainland is no small matter, no wonder the Lord wants to watch over it."

"Eh."

Yao Guanyi shook his head, saying,

```
"Actually, it is just a trivial matter. Not in the Eastern Sea, but happening right under the eyelids of my mountain, it is nothing more than a probe. I thought about it over and over, and since this is a matter below the mountain after all, and involves Bright Yang, my interference before and after has already been too much. If I make a move momentarily, who knows if it might make the people in Dongmu Heaven unhappy again."
```

"Thinking that it is at Juancheng, the Daoist training hall of True Monarch Treasured Earth from back then, I thought of the Numinous Treasure Order. Originally I should have gone to beg Martial Uncle Wang Ziya."

He paused for an instant, a trace of regret floating in his eyes, saying,

"But things are unfortunate. Martial Uncle Wang returned to the grotto-heaven back then to bring a Crystalline Jade Branch of the Guanhua to that Lord, so that the Lord could use it for visualization. Consequently, the grotto-heaven has been closed for these past few years, without the slightest news, so I must trouble the old mater to take action."

Before Old Daoist Master Qu could speak, he saw Yao Guanyi perform a bow into the void, taking out a scroll from the Great Void and holding it in his hands, scaring the calm expression on this old man's face into instant shattering; just like the Great Daoist Master of the Touba family back then, he jumped up and knelt on the ground, both shocked and terrified, saying,

"Why go this far! Why go this far!"

Yao Guanyi was not surprised, merely laughing involuntarily.

"Old master, you misunderstand!"

He helped the old man up, placing the scroll into his hands with both hands, telling him to open it and look. The old man, his soul still unsettled, opened it to look.

He saw a wondrous scene painted on the scroll: immortal mountains ethereal and entering the clouds, while below stood a pavilion tower, with countless patterns and immortal families coming and going, exhausting the capabilities of profound mystery, causing this old man to fall into infinite contemplation at a glance, and his Dao-Profundity cultivation base, which had stalled for who knows how many years, immediately had a feeling of enlightenment like finding willow trees and bright flowers!

He found it difficult to move his eyes away, only slowly looking down, discovering that there was still a signature written at the bottom:

[Tongxuan Palace Qu Tianxiang, Gifted to Brother Yu]

In a sudden instant, a dense radiance of Treasured Earth shot up into the sky, as if to connect with that Treasured Earth Fruition Attainment in the unseen world between heaven and earth, sending down all kinds of divine wonders, causing iron and stone to blossom, profound soil to generate life, fertile earth to stretch for ten thousand miles, and all treasures to hide within!

Old Daoist Master Qu had just stood up, but his knees went soft, and with a plop, he knelt down again, his lips trembling, staring for a long time unable to speak a word. It was unknown how much time passed before he was seen saying with both joy and horror,

"It turns out to be the Ancestral Master's signature!"

This item was impressively written personally by that 'True Monarch of Nurturing Life and Prosperous Treasures', Xu Xiang!

The two people performed rites and burned incense, handing over the painting. The old man was like one who had obtained a supreme treasure, holding it between his hands with both reverence and love, and Yao Guanyi smiled,

"My Lord has long thought that the High Position of Treasured Earth has been empty for a long time, and the inheritance has gradually grown sparse. Although it extremely fits the great righteousness of my Tongxuan, it conversely lacks a decent mortal Daoist Tradition, and has been impersonated by those ninth-rate Outer Profound alchemists, giving rise to displeasure—so he specially asked me to take out this item and gift it to Senior Qu!"

He did not know which ninth-rate Outer Profound alchemist was being spoken of, but it made Old Daoist Master Qu nod repeatedly, seeming to have long held considerable criticism. Yao Guanyi looked at the other's uncontrollable appearance and said sternly,

"With this one item, Senior's Great Dao in this life can be sought to completion. What's more, this item is the most orthodox Dao of Treasured Earth in the human world, and you can rely on this item to open a sect and establish a faction, leaving behind an inheritance and continuing the Senior's dying wish... no need... to live under another's roof..."

Every part of Yao Guanyi's words struck upon this old man's heart. He shed tears ceaselessly for a time, nodding repeatedly, holding the treasure and not daring to perform a bow, only able to say,

"Many thanks, Fellow Daoist, and please, Guanyi, thank the Lord for me!"

Yao Guanyi nodded with a smile. Old Daoist Master Qu paused, and finally made up his mind, saying,

"I wonder, in going to the Jishui... are there any instructions?"

The expression in Yao Guanyi's eyes finally became profound and distant, and he said softly,

"Naturally, it is official business.", He said indifferently. "Those Dragon-kin are overseas, and even there they do not dare to raise their voices high on the water and under the heavens, let alone within the mainland? With the battle of the Great Tomb, the whole world was shocked, and the attitude of the Dragon-kin will definitely change greatly. If they cannot reach an agreement with the Qilin, Senior going there represents an attitude."

Yao Guanyi's eyes gradually held a coldness. Unknown what he thought of, he seemed to possess a few more degrees of killing intent, saying,

"Furthermore... Guanyi also wants to hear what the Descendants of the Hornless Dragon promise, and how our White Qilin..."

His tone was light and floating.

"Responds to the promise."
