<!-- NAV START -->
[Previous Chapter](./1331.md) | [TOC](./) | [Next Chapter](./1333.md)
<!-- NAV END -->

# Chapter 1332: The Blazing Body

The only response was Longkang Yao's intensely bright eyes.

Anyone who could become a Great Daoist Master was a champion of their era, and Longkang Yao was no exception. He had traveled from afar, having long since heard of the white qilin's fame, and was more than willing to test his skills in a duel!

*Dong!*

As the melodious sound rang out, the long halberd in Li Zhouwei's hands spun, its crescent-moon blade striking the fire with a clang. To his left and right, two three-foot-long, sharp blades appeared. They were as transparent as crystal, without hilt or root, and they parried his halberd!

But the halberd gave a slight jump. A golden phantom of it remained in place to hold the sharp blades while the true weapon, now a darker shade, leaped up like a soaring dragon, once again unleashing a deafening clang!

Another set of three-foot-long sharp blades materialized to parry, locking the halberd's true body in place!

And the changes before him were far from over. Within the roiling flames, sharp blades of all sizes began to seethe, each one incomparably sharp. Their crystalline bodies reflected the myriad lights of the fire as Longkang Yao's laughter vibrated, converging into a single point that danced within the sea of flames:

"These are the Twenty-Four Profound Rhombuses of Blazing Transformation, passed down in my Longkang clan since the Middle Ages. They are the ultimate counter to profound weapons and other tools for slaughter... The Zhao Emperor's beloved general, Fuqi Zi Zhu, was trapped and killed by them. You would do well to be careful, King Wei!"

The noble houses of Chun City were truly astonishing. Each of these Twenty-Four Profound Rhombuses of Blazing Transformation was comparable to a superior-grade Spiritual Artifact, and there were a full twenty-four of them. It was impossible to know what kind of heavenly materials and wondrous methods had been used to make them, but they were perfectly integrated and possessed an awe-inspiring might!

Yet even as the words vibrated through the air, Li Zhouwei’s arm, wreathed in dark flames, flashed past his own ribs like lightning to grip the hilt of his sword and draw it forth:

Heavenly Scenery!

A primitive, boundless aura surged forth, sweeping through the sea of fire like an invisible celestial curtain and forcing the six Profound Rhombuses that had gathered before him into the shape of a longsword to reveal themselves, their sharp points aimed directly at the space between his brows amidst the surging flames.

The Sword of King Jing of Wei originally possessed the divine effect of suppressing the four quarters, but the Daos of Blazing Fire and Pristine Water pertained to the transformations of fire and water, making them extremely difficult to restrain. The boundless light swept past, causing the Profound Rhombuses to falter for only a moment.

But the white qilin before him seized this combat opportunity in a flash. The raging might of the Heavenly Yuwu Merging Fire flickered on his fist like a whistling comet as he hammered it into the side of the sword construct:

"Boom!"

The longsword formed by the six Profound Rhombuses instantly shattered and flew apart. The halberd, now free from restraint, was gripped tightly in his palm as he spun it forward, transforming it into a streak of brilliant gold.

A profound mirror immediately leaped up from within the flames. Adorned with vermilion paint and depictions of luan birds, it was exceptionally mystical. A pale white radiance poured down from it, seeking to suppress him and force him back into the encirclement of the Twenty-Four Profound Rhombuses of Blazing Transformation.

The golden markings on Li Zhouwei's face were already glowing brightly.

Sovereign Treading Peril!

The white qilin charged forward!

The white light failed to exert any suppressive force at all, instead fanning the flames of Sovereign Treading Peril. Longkang Yao, however, remained unhurried. He reversed the longsword he had been brewing in his hand for some time, holding it horizontally before his chest as he chanted:

"Body, be without form. Essence, be without root. By blazing flame and candlelight, let this moment become a calamity!"

In the next instant, the golden halberd arrived!

His face shattered before the long halberd, his body blasted into dust by the intense light of Bright Yang. Yet, like water flowing eastward, he retreated three steps and re-formed. Raising his sleeve, the scriptures flowing on his Daoist robe's cuff gathered all the Bright Yang energy that should have suffused his entire body into that one sleeve, which he then viciously flung away.

His face was as pristine as before, even holding a faint, calm smile.

Blazing Fire excelled at ascendant transformations, its Dharma Body in constant flux. It was naturally able to reform after being dispersed, making it fearless against all manner of weapons. He was a Great Daoist Master of Blazing Fire, a path as renowned as the transformations of Pristine Water. Much like Chi Buzi of years past, as a Great Daoist Master of this path whose divine abilities had reached the pinnacle, it was fundamentally difficult for his Dharma Body to sustain injury!

And how could Longkang Yao, a Comprehending Profundity cultivator and a premier expert from beyond the grotto-heaven, be an ordinary man? His extremely high Dao-Profundity in the Blazing Fire Dao, combined with the countless heavenly materials he had consumed, had long ago allowed his Body Divine Ability and Dharma Body to advance a step further, reaching a terrifying level!

Furthermore, the Daoist robe he wore was a kind of feathered garment, dissimilar to armor like the Primal Summit. Instead, it was somewhat like Li Jiangqian's Celestial Yang Profound Fire Robe, offering almost no protection to the Dharma Body but amplifying his resistance to divine abilities and dharma power to the absolute extreme.

This complemented his Blazing Fire Dao perfectly. One was ever-changing, impervious to all weapons; the other was exceedingly precious, warding off all techniques. He had lightly evaded the blow and even nullified all the attendant divine abilities and dharma power, emerging completely unscathed!

Even Qiao Wenliu had to rely on divine abilities to dodge, rather than defend. To take Li Zhouwei's golden halberd head-on without a single injury... Longkang Yao was the first to do so!

'These cultivators from noble Daoist traditions aren't impressive just because they're armed to the teeth. The terrifying part is their flawless coordination, something no mortal could ever hope to match!'

But before Longkang Yao's smile could fully bloom, Li Zhouwei had already made the most perfect judgment. He stepped, twisted his waist, turned, and reached out.

The golden fist was already on his face!

"Boom!"

The Great Daoist Master's head twisted and deformed before this punch, once again exploding into a sky full of light the color of tung oil, causing the Burning the Old Chamber that blazed furiously in the sky to shine even brighter.

Several dozen feet away, Longkang Yao condensed his form and stepped out.

He still held the sword horizontally before his chest, having completely negated the damage he had taken, but his expression no longer held its previous ease. He raised his eyes slightly and saw a small, flickering gray speck on the back of his hand.

"Heavenly Yuwu Merging Fire... so potent..."

The raging gray flame was like a maggot gnawing on bone. Although it was being suppressed by his divine ability and was slowly shrinking, a golden light had already flared in his opponent's eyes again.

Li Zhouwei's second punch had arrived!

With both Sovereign Treading Peril and Imperial Observation of the Origin empowering him, and his body possessing the Heavenly Yuwu Merging Fire, Li Zhouwei's movements were like light and thunder. How immense was the might of his Dharma Body?

In the instant Longkang Yao shifted his gaze, his Dharma Body had already shattered once more!

And amidst the scattering flames, the Twenty-Four Profound Rhombuses of Blazing Transformation finally returned. Aside from the six that had been tainted by the Heavenly Yuwu Merging Fire and were a beat slower, the remaining eighteen shot out from the flames in a dense swarm, stabbing at him from all directions.

Li Zhouwei's face was fearless as the governing star in the center of his brow lit up.

Sun-Surging Star-Governing Compass!

The light of the bright star shone brilliantly, and all eighteen Profound Rhombuses froze in mid-air. The golden figure had already passed through the blockade like the wind, arriving before that figure for a third time. But what descended this time was not a golden fist, but three beams of golden light.

Light of the Bright Yang's Killing Blow!

Without a hair's breadth of time to spare, they fell simultaneously.

The Sun-Surging Star-Governing Compass's Light of the Bright Yang's Killing Blow was not weak, and its greater advantage was its instant cast. Its power was most terrifying when three beams descended at once. Li Zhouwei had used this art in the past, and now that he had cultivated Imperial Observation of the Origin, not only could he use it with greater ease, but its power had also risen to another level!

The descent of this pure Light of the Bright Yang's Killing Blow was nothing like the previous Dharma Body collisions. Longkang Yao's body stiffened for a moment, and crimson blood instantly trickled from the corner of his lips as his pupils dilated.

The flames in the sky dissipated at the same time.

'Qiao Wenliu...'

It was none other than the Lesser Yin Daoist Master!

Qiao Wenliu was renowned for his astounding Dao-Profundity. Unlike the vast majority of Daoist Masters stuck in the mid-stage of the Purple Mansion Realm, what constrained him was not his Dao-Profundity, but top-tier resources. Because of this, his ability to seize a combat opportunity was no worse than Longkang Yao's.

How could a mere Blazing Fire body, without the support of a divine ability, possibly block him? He had held back all this time, waiting to strike at this critical moment!

He sucked the Burning the Old Chamber that filled the sky into his mouth in a single instant!

In its place was an endless, pitch-black darkness.

Crimson Severing Arrowhead.

The Light of the Bright Yang's Killing Blow had yet to dissipate from the Dharma Body when the earth had already transformed into a boundless desert of blood. The Li Zhouwei before him stood amidst a setting sun as massive as a colossal beast, a stream of golden light speeding into his hand.

The Illustrious-Yang King's Battle Axe.

With the Blazing Fire dispersed and the injured Jiang Fuwang intercepted by Wu Miao, this Bright Yang treasure had come speeding over at his summons. It now rested in Li Zhouwei's hand, its killing intent manifest. Yet Longkang Yao only heard a whistling in his ears as the golden light before his eyes overlapped, and a myriad of colors bloomed.

Pure Yang Bracelets!

As a Blazing Fire cultivator with Burning the Old Chamber in his possession, Longkang Yao could easily shatter his way out of any divine ability that tried to contain him. But at this most crucial of moments, that divine ability had been absorbed by the Lesser Yin cultivator and could not respond.

*Crack!*

Sixteen of the Profound Rhombuses of Blazing Transformation finally arrived like a point of light in the darkness, stacking one on top of the other to form a glittering disc that blocked his path. The remaining six, being slightly slower, transformed into sharp blades and flew towards Li Zhouwei's back!

But the King of Wei simply raised his hand.

Splitting Light!

The bright radiance instantly became a long river in the pitch-black world. Longkang Yao's face was brightly illuminated. At this moment, he could only go all out, circulating his Body Divine Ability, Emissary of Aridity, to its absolute limit as he stared coldly at the radiance descending from the sky.

"In the end... it's just an artifact!"

*Boom!*

Golden vapor surged into the sky. The Blazing Fire transformation brought about by Emissary of Aridity caused his body to constantly change, neutralizing almost ninety percent of the damage from the Illustrious-Yang King's Battle Axe itself. Only the intense Bright Yang dharma power and divine abilities poured down, causing a small golden crack to appear on his face.

He raised his head with some difficulty and saw a streak of blood-red flash across the black sky. It was straight and bright, like a tear of blood from the heavens, streaking across the firmament and splitting the dark night in two, revealing the white clouds and sky behind it.

But the blood-red color was rapidly expanding in his eyes.

The darkness in the sky receded.

Having gained the upper hand, how could Li Zhouwei possibly give him time to breathe? In a short moment, he had unleashed almost every divine ability and spell art in his arsenal!

Crimson Severing Arrowhead.

Lingering Sun's Killing Blow.

As this wave of pure killing intent condensed from divine ability and dharma power poured down, it finally caused the Great Daoist Master to tremble. The Daoist robe on his body shone brighter and brighter, its scriptures flowing and flashing to their limit as it tried to neutralize all of the lingering sun's power, letting out a series of mournful cries.

Li Zhouwei grunted as well.

The six Profound Rhombuses of Blazing Transformation attacking from behind were ferocious. They were parried by the soaring Sword of King Jing of Wei and then immediately covered by his fluttering purple cape, their momentum neutralized to the extreme. At the very instant their power was about to fade, a glint of gold flashed.

This glint of gold appeared as if from nowhere, passing through the True Qi cape without any hindrance and stabbing toward the King of Wei's spine. Without the protection of his scales, Sovereign Treading Peril shone with extreme brightness, yet this golden light unexpectedly bypassed all the Bright Yang divine abilities without obstruction, piercing an inch deep. Only then did his Dharma Body contract, clamping down on the golden light!

The object was as sharp as a spearhead and completely unadorned, its golden light incredibly familiar.

Descending Radiance Equal Edge.

Longkang Yao's Descending Radiance Equal Edge.

These artifacts were originally a set scattered throughout the world. Li Zhouwei had been invincible when using this item for surprise attacks, yet he had never imagined that one day he would be wounded by it in return!

A trace of surprise flashed in his eyes, but he was familiar with the item and did not try to grab it. Sure enough, in the next instant, the object slipped away into the Great Void like a slippery fish!

On the other side, holes of various sizes, charred black, appeared on Longkang Yao's face as the light of the lingering sun continuously passed through them. He stood there quietly until all the sunset light had flowed past him, only then managing to spit out a mouthful of blood.

"Pfft!"

He finally took a step back, his sharp brows furrowed and his eyes shot with blood, his voice savage.

"Strike."

In that instant, Qiao Wenliu below let out a pained grunt. The endless sea of fire reappeared in the sky at the same time. Burning the Old Chamber had finally returned, causing the ever-expanding wounds on the Great Daoist Master's face to stop, the blood-red in his eyes growing even deeper.

"I underestimated you, King Wei..."

Li Zhouwei likewise raised a hand, wiping away the small wound as he stared at him. In the next moment, the various flames dissipated, and figures appeared on his left and right.

One was shrouded in grim yin energy, with palace halls hidden within; it was Wu Miao. The other pulsed with Lesser Yin, water and fire interweaving; it was Qiao Wenliu.

During the great battle in the sky just now, Qiao Sanyi had joined forces with Wu Miao and, at the cost of being injured, had dealt with the two Blazing Fire bodies ahead of schedule. Only then was he able to control Burning the Old Chamber. Now, they had closed in, sealing off all four directions!

Longkang Yao gradually calmed down, his gaze becoming placid.

To be fair, his injuries were not severe. The timely return of his divine ability meant he had only sustained moderate wounds. However, his Blazing Fire did not have the healing capabilities of Pristine Water. With his Dharma Body damaged and no longer perfect, fighting one against three would only worsen his situation the longer it dragged on.

But as a Blazing Fire cultivator with Burning the Old Chamber at its full power, even though he had been wounded by the King of Wei, even with the disgustingly potent divine abilities and spell arts of a Lesser Yin Daoist Master nearby, he was still confident in his ability to escape.

'But.'

He surreptitiously glanced at the ground and saw that Jiang Fuwang was in dire straits, suppressed by Qiao Wenliu's Azure Niche. Clearly, Daoist Master Three Doubts had planned this long ago, specifically having Wu Miao bring it over to free up his own hands!

'That Sinking Azure Niche has been refined by him for many years; it is truly domineering and formidable. With the Chefu grand array responding, the Great Void is already locked down. That Bian Fan must have already turned against us! I fear... the Qi clan member never even made it here...'

He was also wary of the Chefu grand array. Longkang Yao had once stood guard here and understood where the formation's strength lay. Bian Fan had not yet shown himself, clearly out of consideration for their past relationship. But once the great array was operating at full power, cutting off his connection to the Great Void, and if another Balanced Ritual cultivator were to arrive, the people before him could very well threaten his life!

'I absolutely cannot gamble on Bian Fan's thoughts. I can't stay here any longer!'

The Jiang clan's Daoist Master was immobilized below, and it was impossible for Longkang Yao to take him along. A complex look flashed in his eyes. A rapidly enlarging golden light before him made him let out a soft sigh as his figure once again drifted away like fire.

But this time, the flickering flames flowed into the distance like water, scattering into a sky full of drifting sparks, strand by strand, wisp by wisp, flowing through the mortal world, blindingly bright.

Qiao Wenliu sighed softly, while Wu Miao subconsciously took a step forward. Realizing that no one beside him had moved, he was instantly filled with alarm and regret, turning his head hesitantly to look at the King of Wei.

Li Zhouwei shook his head slightly, a hint of admiration flashing in his eyes before he slowly closed them, as if digesting what he had gained.

"It is enough. The strength of this man's divine ability and physical body is a sight to behold, as if forged from gold and iron. Since you cannot harm him, you certainly cannot outrun Blazing Fire... If you pursue too deeply, your lives will be in danger..."

After he said this, he opened his eyes, and his gaze fell. Wu Miao understood and rode the light down to capture Jiang Fuwang. Qiao Wenliu's face was slightly flushed as he said,

"Congratulations, King Wei... on defeating a powerful enemy."

Li Zhouwei shook his head casually, clearly somewhat disappointed. Qiao Wenliu, however, was a little excited and said,

"Does King Wei know who that was? That was Longkang..."

Li Zhouwei raised his head and waved his hand, slowly processing his gains. A trace of admiration flashed in his eyes as he said,

"It wasn't just him who underestimated me. I underestimated Chun City... to think there was still such a person..."

"However..."

He gazed at the golden light below and said softly,

"Being able to capture this Jiang clan divine ability is enough."


<!-- NAV START -->
[Previous Chapter](./1331.md) | [TOC](./) | [Next Chapter](./1333.md)
<!-- NAV END -->
