<!-- NAV START -->
[Previous Chapter](./1333.md) | [TOC](./) | [Next Chapter](./1335.md)
<!-- NAV END -->

# Chapter 1334 Ancient Buddhist

'I do not remember.'

These four words drifted lightly, yet amidst the evening glow, they smashed into Daoist Master Pang's face like four great mountains. The face of this dignified Daoist Master of the mid-Purple Mansion Realm turned visibly snow-white. His body went rigid in the courtyard as he stared blankly at the old man.

What did that mean?

Did not remember?

He, Pang Queyun, was the current Family Head of the Pang Clan. His status could be considered noble, with a position in Azure Profundity. His ancestors had once cultivated at Changtang Lake. yet they were still not comparable to Qu Caotan—the Qu surname belonged to the Numinous Treasure Daoist tradition, descendants of the dignified Xu Xiang! It was for this reason Pang Queyun had still addressed him as "Lord" with every breath...

And now, you, Qu Caotan... do not remember?

'Is it that he dares not remember... or truly does not remember...'

He was both shocked and terrified.

'Then what of my Pang Clan! If this is the case, you old wretch—how did you dare send my eldest son to guard Yun and Pu, those two passes!'

Almost in an instant, a ceaseless stream of anger rushed into his mind alongside the terror. He lowered his voice, gnashing his teeth,

"Senior, what is the meaning of this..."

Old Daoist Master Qu turned his head to gaze at him. His other hand pressed down on the brush and ink on the table before gently moving away, drawing back the scroll and rolling up the painting bit by bit, saying,

"Can the Pang Clan still not see this old man's good intentions?"

Pang Queyun felt as though a basin of cold water had been poured over him. His eyes immediately narrowed as he watched the old man slowly stand up and say,

"Little Daoist Master Pang... was sent to the west by me. Precisely because of this, I feel I bear a burden of guilt. Otherwise, this old man would have returned to the grotto-heaven early today to study immortal traces. I absolutely would not have revealed half a word to you, Daoist Master Pang. Why would I trouble myself to wait for you here?"

These words were simply like a dose of good medicine, making the person before him feel refreshed and clear-headed. His tense heart also relaxed, and he simply said,

"So it was the old Daoist Master's well-intentioned effort..."

Qu Caotan swept a glance over him and said indifferently,

"The matter of the Ji River was witnessed by the Three Great Daos."

The lethality of this sentence was even greater than the previous one, causing this middle-aged Daoist Master's words and movements to freeze entirely. He stared blankly for several full breaths before stiffly sitting back in his position.

"Earlier, there were rumors in the grotto-heavens... saying that nowadays the celestial might in the sky is stern and chilling, and all sides must react. Easily submitting to Bright Yang might lead to becoming a scapegoat... Several grotto-heavens believe this deeply. Even if they do not obstruct Bright Yang, they do not expect any good omens... How could it be... how is it possible..."

Sweat poured from him like pulp. He lifted his sleeve to wipe his face and said,

"This... are you saying... we will become fish and meat on the chopping block..."

Qu Caotan remained silent for a moment, then said,

"This matter leaves my mouth and enters your ears, and absolutely no third person may know of it. Look... nowadays there are many disputes within the city. Longkang, Jiang, Yu... and even the Fu Clan; they certainly cannot resign themselves to living under others."

Pang Queyun wanted to speak, but the old man stopped him with a wave of his hand. Qu Caotan said,

"I know what you want to say, but the matter is absolutely not that simple. If this matter has not spread, then it is only known to you and me. But once it spreads, complaints will inevitably rise from all sides, human hearts will be shaken, and we will argue among ourselves internally. Would that not be shameful? If placed out in the open, falling into that person's eyes... would it look good?"

Daoist Master Pang muttered to himself for a moment, secretly thinking.

'Right... there is still Dongmu Heaven...'

The old Daoist Master did not answer him, saying,

"Although I went on behalf of Heavenly Glow, I do not understand the original intent of Heavenly Glow. There are some matters regarding Chun City's surrender that Heavenly Glow will not pay attention to, but some Lords may not like it... It is said that the fellow Daoist from the Fu Clan has already emerged from the grotto-heaven and will arrive shortly... How could we ruin his stage?"

Pang Queyun stood up and paced back and forth a few times, saying,

"I understand... If that is the case, it truly is best to sit and watch the success or failure."

Qu Caotan nodded approvingly, placed the picture scroll into his own sleeve, gave him a deep look, and said,

"Since these words have been delivered, I shall return to the grotto-heaven. If there is turmoil, please take care of yourself!"

......

Jin Land, Mount Ling.

The radiance of the grotto-heaven vanished into the horizon, while the Qi of Pit Water, resembling flood dragons and snakes, shuttled through the four borders. This immortal mountain, which had weathered the vicissitudes of life standing upon the earth, sank into an infinite grayness, a patch of dimness.

Though the Immortals and Buddhists had fought until now, no one had harmed a fraction of this mountain.

This celestial phenomenon was not like wind, nor like rain; it was continuous like mist. It was not so dark that one could not see their fingers, but one could faintly see continuous water droplets gliding past the mountains. Swaying vegetation was submerged in the deep or shallow water mist, looking like an extremely drifting and graceful ink-wash painting.

A person was standing quietly atop the mountain peak.

This person was a rather handsome monk, dressed in black robes, hands clasped together, eyes tightly closed. Blood faintly trickled from the corners of his lips. His originally simple and unadorned robes now bore several wounds, through which one could faintly see the beating internal organs inside.

And between his palms, he held a speck of gray light, beating rhythmically.

Below the mountain peak, a monk stood with lowered brows and hands clasped behind his back.

This person appeared quite old, with drooping corners of his eyes and uneven eyebrows. Around his neck, he wore a copper chain. That head seemed to be under heavy oppression, unable to lift even if he wished to, looking low at the ground. This caused the copper chain to sway constantly, colliding against his body that seemed made of gold and iron, emitting crisp sounds.

He stood quietly like this, yet he made the entire mountain forest silent. Whenever the flickering glow around the periphery tried to probe forward, it would always dissipate within the mountains, unable to disturb the black-robed monk on the high ground.

It was unknown how much time passed before the black-robed monk was seen opening his eyes bit by bit.

Kongshu's eyes remained clear and flawless, without sorrow or joy. What was different from before was that a gray dot had appeared on his brow, flickering a few times like breathing, before slowly dimming and vanishing.

This Golden Land of Guanhe, coveted by the Seven Aspects, had ultimately fallen upon this Great Adoration Dharma Realm's "Broad-Aspect, Sandalwood-Clad Son".

The dust had settled.

The grayness in the sky was crumbling. He looked around, saw the middle-aged man amidst the mountain forest, and a wisp of a smile appeared on that face as he stepped forward:

"Many thanks, Eldest Disciple-Brother."

These two words were like a grand bell or a large drum, striking the person in the mountains so hard his body trembled. The monk stood blankly on the spot, unknown what he was contemplating.

Kongshu gazed at him quietly. After a long time, he finally heard a hoarse voice from the middle-aged monk's mouth.

"No need to thank me... Guanhe... should have belonged to the Dharma Realm to begin with."

The grayness in the mountains gradually thickened. As the grotto-heaven Great Tomb River collapsed, intense Exiled Qi surged forth from the Great Void. Kongshu stepped down, lifted the collapsed stone table in the mountains, and looked at the middle-aged man.

He said, "Eldest Disciple-Brother, please."

The middle-aged man lowered his head and shifted step by step to the table, listening as Kongshu quietly said.

"Kongshu has not returned to Liaohe for a very long time. What about you, Disciple-Brother? Since you cultivate Compassion in the Yan Kingdom, have you returned to Liaohe to take a look?"

This middle-aged man was impressively the Maha of the Compassion Dao—Beigu[^2]!

Hearing his words, Beigu closed his eyes and said,

"You left... Kongyan also left. Later, I watched you all leave Liaohe one by one... Even Youngest Junior Brother went out. Liaohe Temple was left as nothing but an empty shell, empty with no one there, so I dared not return even more."

These words mingled with the gloom of heaven and earth, causing Kongshu to lift his head. He said softly,

"Youngest Junior Brother..."

These words gave the middle-aged man a rare few moments of calm. His tone became gentle as he said,

"The Wrath Dao once tried to receive him into the Buddhist Land; he was unwilling to go."

"I know."

The black-robed monk's eyes were complex.

"His mind is pure. Back then, all the Daos sent people. Although he did not refute a single sentence and seemed on the verge of collapse, he ultimately sat in silence until the end under the rotational questioning and temptation of the Seven Aspects, and he can even enter and exit the Buddhist Lands of the various Aspects..."

"He went back once.", Beigu said.

Kongshu's gaze lifted. He quietly stared at his former Eldest Disciple-Brother, watching that aged mouth open and close, spitting out a hoarse voice,

"He returned to the temple. There was no one there anymore, so he sprinkled water and swept the courtyard, repaired the Great Hall, weeded the tares from those few acres of land, offered three sticks of incense to Master, then picked up his travel bag again and went south."

"Later, he poled a small bamboo raft and went into the sea."

Kongshu's gaze gradually lowered.

Two top-tier figures of the Buddhist Land, two of the highest-ranking Buddhist cultivators manifest in the human world, were sitting on this ancient mountain while the grotto-heaven collapsed and the swarm of cultivators retreated, actually discussing the actions of a lowly Master Monk far away in the north.

Kongshu said, "He has his Dao. Back then when Youngest Junior Brother went south, it was all Eldest Disciple-Brother taking care of him. I feel very guilty. Fortunately, he is still here, and has not disgraced Master's Dao."

Sure enough, Beigu began to weep. Large and small teardrops fell from his cheeks, smashing onto the ground into fine fragments like sesame-sized glazed glass.

"It was I who set the worst example. Konglu will not see me, Kongyan is again... unable to go out. For so many years... I have only hoped to see you, yet dared not step foot in the Dharma Realm... Kongheng..."

Kongshu looked up at the sky, seemingly unwilling to mention his Youngest Junior Brother Kongheng under the gaze of the public. He lightly skipped over it, but Beigu's head lowered even further, as if he wanted to bury it into his chest. Under the moonlight, only his protruding spine, which looked as if it wanted to explode out from his flesh, was visible. He said,

"I could not understand Master's sutras, yet I was the first to ruin things. Kongshu... Kongshu... I have also wronged you..."

Kongshu, however, was very calm.

"Disciple-Brother, I have already let it go long ago."

A low sound of inhalation came from Beigu's throat. Kongshu said softly,

"Back then, I finished reading all the sutras. The various Mahas came to debate the Dao with me, and all were refuted by me. But the Seven Aspects could not convince me, and neither could Master. He said, he would not teach, he would let the people of the world realize it themselves. I dared not agree."

He looked up, his expression serene and holy.

"Your and my Dao-Profundity, was it all realized by ourselves? Over tens of thousands of years, the only one who realized it himself was the Northern Revered One. To let the people of the world realize Buddhism, are we expecting everyone to be like the Northern Revered One? If the Northern Revered One's attainment of the Dao was to tell people to realize without teaching, where did masters and apprentices come from? Where did the legacy come from? The iron laws of Liaohe today are not strict self-discipline, but escape—Disciple-Brother, not teaching is not respect; it is because the Ancient Buddhists taught the Modern Buddhists and were both shocked and ashamed, and from then on dared not bear the karma of 'Teaching' again."

Kongshu smiled.

"Although Junior Brother Kongheng does not read scriptures, that heart of his is the purest. He once asked me, 'Yan cultivators spread the Buddhist Land wide, Zhao cultivators eliminate suffering. No matter how wrong they are, they ultimately revolve around a heart of willingness to spare sentient beings from suffering. What about us? What are we doing?'"

"His words were still immature, but today I can answer him. I, Kongshu, am unwilling to stand by and watch. Master is unwilling to bear the karma, I am willing to bear it. Master is unwilling to teach sentient beings, I am willing to teach. I will not retreat back to Liaohe, will not shrink back into that tiny temple."

The expression on his face remained without fluctuation. Unlike that Eldest Disciple-Brother, although life in Liaohe back then was free, he simply was not willing to go back again. His eyes held only a determination like eternal glacial ice.

"I am willing to walk with the Realm Lord—He said, he will preserve my title. I will enter the Dharma Realm to cultivate, using the present to verify the ancient, using the ancient to teach the present.", he said quietly. "And so I left. I know Master valued me the most back then, but since I have found the Dao, I certainly will not turn back."

"Eldest Disciple-Brother, you should also let it go sooner."

The middle-aged man's head, which had lifted slightly, drooped back down. He could not understand his junior brother's aspirations, yet he could hear the resolve in his tone. The monk said hoarsely,

"I entered Liaohe a bit earlier. Originally, I was just a savage from a barbaric land, not even knowing how to read. It was Master who brought me into Liaohe. I was ignorant back then; I learned characters slowly, and when reading scriptures I was also lazy. I picked up bad habits again, roaming all over the mountain for fun, catching wild beasts and bringing them back, yet deceiving him that I had rescued them... I suffered quite a beating with the ruler."

"But even a savage knows gratitude. Back then, Master never let the scrolls leave his hand. I stayed awake all night, grinding ink and fanning him. He once said to me under the candlelight:"

"Demon sons and demon grandsons shall dwell in the Supreme Land."

These words exploded from his mouth like a clap of thunder, causing his lips and teeth to tremble. The light in Kongshu's eyes diminished rapidly—the Six Day Talks were originally a secret, but those who came from Liaohe knew them most clearly.

The Seven Aspects interpreted the Supreme Land as the immortal lands and grotto-heavens, but they knew there was another answer, an answer that could not be spoken aloud.

Sandalwood Forest.

"Later, you all left one by one... I dreamed that Master came from the horizon. He said to me..."

Beigu's head lifted bit by bit. His neck emitted a tooth-aching creaking sound, as if what he carried on his back was some unbearable giant mountain, but his expression was extremely painful.

"I never thought... I have taught nothing but demon spawn!"

_Boom!_

Thunder in the sky was deafening, causing the vegetation all over the mountain to start shaking. The sand and stones, the trees, the green steps—all began to weep aloud. Beigu's voice was hoarse as he said,

"Junior Brother, how can you ask me to let go."

The calm expression on Kongshu's face fluctuated. He quickly closed his eyes, remaining silent and not answering.

There was a moment of tranquility in the mountains. The light and color of the grotto-heaven had already pierced through the Great Void and fallen. Continuous curtains of water poured down, extending into water columns that connected heaven and earth. Pitch-black river water surged constantly from the foot of the mountain, resembling the end of the world, wanting to swallow everything before it.

"I have wronged him."[^3]

The black-robed monk finally stood up from the rain. Looking at the angry Pit Water constantly surging up through the mountain forest, his lips parted slightly, his voice calm,

"I desire to correct the Buddhists of the world. I desire to teach the people of the world. Whether confirmed in Guanhe, confirmed in the Supreme Land, confirmed as a child of Liaohe, or confirmed as a grandson of Heavenly Demons, I shall prove my Dao, and I shall educate the people of today."

"There will come a day when my Dao is fully proven."

The black-robed monk raised his head, his gaze reflecting the water descending from the sky. The river water had almost drowned the entire immortal mountain. He watched this infinite, angry river water submerge up to his own ankles, his voice pious and calm.

"I shall kill this body of mine, this demon son and demon grandson, to repay his grace of teaching the Dao at Liaohe."

---

Translator's Note:

[^2]: Beigu is a Maha of the Compassion Dao. He was first introduced in Ch. 901 - Wei Xuanyin, fighting the Supreme Yang Dao.
[^3]: Now, this is a little confusing and requires some understanding of Buddhism to understand.

    "Demon sons and demon grandsons shall dwell in the Supreme Land."

    On the surface, this sounds like a prophecy of the Dharma Ending Age (a Buddhist concept where the truth fades and evil takes over).

    The seven aspects believe that the "Supreme Land (无上土)" refers to the high-and-mighty immortal lands and grotto-heavens—places of purity, separated from the mortal world.

    However, it is revealed here that the *true* Supreme Land is not those pristine grotto-heavens.

    _"The Seven Aspects interpreted the Supreme Land as the immortal lands and grotto-heavens, but they knew there was another answer... **Sandalwood Forest**"_

    In Buddhist scriptures (specifically _Vimalakirti Sutra_ and various Koans), there is a concept that **The Lotus does not grow on high ground; it grows in the mud of the damp marsh.**

    Sandalwood is extremely fragrant. In Buddhist metaphor, a "Sandalwood Forest" is so potent that even if a non-fragrant tree grows there, it eventually smells like Sandalwood. It represents the power to transform the profane into the sacred.

    Here is the paradox, if the Supreme Land is the Sandalwood Forest, then it doesn't matter if "Demon spawns" dwell there.

    Why? Because in the Sandalwood Forest, **the Demons become Buddhas.**

    I think we can understand why the master said this _"I never thought... I have taught nothing but demon spawn!"_


<!-- NAV START -->
[Previous Chapter](./1333.md) | [TOC](./) | [Next Chapter](./1335.md)
<!-- NAV END -->
