# Chapter 1341: The Yellow Terrace

Myriad-Prosperity Heaven.

The sky was hazy, and the sound of chanting scriptures overlapped and echoed within the great hall. Wang Ziya emerged from his cave dwelling just in time to see a young man calling out from the distance.

"Martial Uncle Wang!"

A trace of helplessness flashed past Wang Ziya's eyes. He stepped forward, looked at this junior brother, and asked,

"What is the matter? To summon me out in such haste..."

The young man laughed, took a scroll from his sleeve, and gently unfurled it, revealing a wondrous image of celestial platforms and heavenly pavilions. Wang Ziya took it casually, holding it up with one hand while stroking his beard with the other to examine it.

It was merely an ordinary painting, but the person who painted it possessed significant divine ability, and the subject being copied was no ordinary object. Thus, it glimmered with brilliance and carried extreme weight. He studied it with a smile, his gaze inadvertently falling to the end of the scroll.

'Qu Tianxiang of Tongxuan Palace, gifted to Brother Yu.'

Qu Tianxiang?

The True Name of Xu Xiang!

These few words were like a bolt of lightning, causing his entire body to tremble. The hand stroking his beard immediately dropped, and he moved to support the illustrated scroll with gentle care, holding it with extreme reverence. He sucked in a breath of cold air and said,

"Where did you get this?! How incredibly rare!"

The young man whispered, "It was obtained from the outside world... This item isn't even considered precious. I heard... the original object still exists!"

Wang Ziya's pupils dilated. He immediately turned to look at him, understanding in an instant how massive this matter was. He instantly grabbed his disciple-nephew's hand, leading him forward, and said,

"Go and speak before the Dao Rector!"

The two of them passed through layers of palace complexes, treading upon the brownish-yellow jade steps to move forward. Entering the drifting white clouds, they performed a ceremonial bow before slowly ascending further, soon seeing the immortal seat that towered like a mountain.

The two knelt and bowed according to custom, venturing deep until they finally saw the heavy curtains and the scorching white light. They bowed and said,

"Dao Rector!"

The person inside was immediately startled awake and asked,

"The matter of the Great Tomb River—is there a follow-up?"

Wang Ziya exchanged a glance with the young man.

Perhaps because chaotic times were approaching, this Dao Rector had been awake much more often in recent years and paid closer attention to outside affairs. Wang Ziya said,

"The Great Tomb River... there is no news, but we have obtained a painting from the outside... We ask that Your Lordship take a look."

Thus, the young man immediately lifted the painting scroll and sent it behind the curtains. After a long while, a gasp of amazement was heard from within,

"An item of the Ancestral Master!"

"Yes!"

The young man hurriedly said.

"Back when the world was in chaos, a lineage of the Treasured Earth was left wandering outside. They hid in Chun City, cultivating within someone else's grotto-heaven. Their population was sparse; at their lowest point, there were only two or three descendants... There was a disciple named Qu Caotan. This was submitted by him after he copied the Ancestral Master's own handwriting!"

The person inside, however, showed no joy. He suddenly became suspicious.

"How could he possess such a treasure!"

The Qu clan was indeed much respected to this day, but he understood that without a True Monarch behind them, they were nothing.

Let alone an item of their own ancestor, even their own possessions might not be returned to them. How could they be qualified to hold the handwriting of an Immortal-level figure?

"It was because he helped Daoist Master Yao..."

"Hmph!"

The Dao Rector sneered.

"The Yao family..."

He inquired about everything, asking again for the details regarding the Great Tomb River. having already made his calculations. He hurriedly shooed the disciples and grand-disciples out, his heart greatly stirred.

'Yu... stands for Donghua. Since he could be addressed as Brother Yu, aside from Lord Changtang, who else could it be!'

This Dao Rector was naturally Tang Xie.

To be honest, these disciples and grand-disciples were extremely excited, but as a cultivator who had listened to lectures before Xu Xiang in the past, he, Tang Xie—the dignified Attendant Spirit of Guanmiao—cultivated Daoist methods written by the Treasured Earth himself. What handwriting did he not have? In truth, his interest was average; only that 'Brother Yu' was somewhat interesting.

In his eyes, what was this?

A good opportunity to meet that Woven Jade!

He held his breath and focused his mind without hesitation, communing with the unseen heaven and earth. Perhaps the timing was just right, for this time he actually slowly sensed that deep and distant place. He felt himself swaying unsteadily, and soon saw the hazy moonlight and undulating steps. Looking out, it turned out to be an expanse of celestial pavilions!

These celestial pavilions were arranged in rows like fish scales, situated on floating islands. They were linked together, forming a continuous stretch under the moonlight. One could faintly hear a humming sound; the pavilion on the horizon was mostly built, and a young man above turned his head, his expression one of surprise.

"The Attendant Spirit has come!"

In an instant, the moonlight condensed, and the young man stepped through the void, his face full of pleasant surprise.

"It has been a long time since I saw Your Lordship!"

"Fellow Daoist Xi..."

Tang Xie withdrew his shocked gaze from the distance, letting it fall upon the other's face, and said,

"It really is a world-turning change..."

Yuanshang had been in this world, unaware of the days and months in this realm, solely cultivating divine abilities and restoring the Daoist Canon. Later, as his divine abilities grew, he achieved the Divided Aspect, which he sent to repair the buildings, neglecting neither task.

He had the temperament of a cultivator, far more steady than Dangjiang. After such a long time, his state of mind had not changed at all, but he had caused this Hall of Final Vastness to undergo earth-shattering changes, making it completely different!

Tang Xie could not help but take a few more looks. Yuanshang, however, pulled him down to sit.

"What news do you bring?" he asked in a low voice.

Tang Xie composed himself and spoke with a hint of caution,

"The matter of the Great Tomb River... does Fellow Daoist know of it?"

Yuanshang was not surprised, only smiling.

"A fellow Daoist came some days ago and mentioned this matter to me..."

Tang Xie said bitterly, "The Heavenly Glow is even more intense than before, and the Valley Water has been damaged again... Sigh!"

Tang Xie naturally knew the stance of the heavens, and even knew that the Valley Water was inevitably a potential aid to the heavens. As he spoke, he secretly observed, only to discover that Yuanshang showed no look of worry, but instead smiled.

"I actually asked... That fellow Daoist only gave me a single sentence in reply."

Tang Xie's heart immediately suspended. Seeing the other holding back, he was momentarily stunned, feeling as if hungry rats were gnawing at his heart.

"You certainly know how to build suspense," he chided with a smile.

Yuanshang laughed heartily, then his expression turned serious.

"That fellow Daoist said... 'Heavenly Glow and Valley Water, each gets what they need.'"

Tang Xie was stunned. He remained silent for a long time before sighing.

"I judged wrongly!"

The two pondered for a while, ultimately unable to find the solution. Seeing that the timing was ripe, Tang Xie used a point of dharma power to reveal a patch of gold, which condensed into a scroll.

The image and handwriting above emerged one by one, reflecting in Yuanshang's eyes. Tang Xie pointed at the handwriting and smiled,

"A fine item I came across in the outside world. I thought Woven Jade might wish to examine it..."

Yuanshang looked as if he wanted to speak but stopped. Tang Xie laughed.

"Yu... I need not say who that is. This item was gifted by the Ancestral Master of my Dao to Lord Changtang. It is also proof of the closeness between the Numinous Treasure and Donghua!"

Unexpectedly, Yuanshang only nodded and considered his words.

"This item... Did Changhuai show it to Your Lordship?"

"Changhuai?"

Tang Xie's words were not solely to curry favor,  but to create an opportunity to bring up the Yao clan. Being asked back in such a way, he was immediately stunned, not knowing why the other would make such an abrupt remark.

"What does it have to do with Changhuai?" he asked, perplexed. "I heard... this was given to a junior of mine by the Heavenly Glow..."

Yuanshang was taken aback, and replied decisively, "Impossible!"

"I know of this painting. Within our daoist tradition, it is called the Numinous Treasure Painting. It is the mountain-guarding treasure of Mount Changhuai! How could it be in the hands of the Heavenly Glow!"

Tang Xie stood frozen on the spot.

Seeing him stand there dazed, Yuanshang thought he still did not believe it and vowed solemnly,

"There is something the Attendant Spirit does not know. Back then, the Qing clan of Changhuai had a disciple who paid respects under my Xi clan's gate. Later, there was a marriage alliance, and because of this, my Xi clan and Changhuai were close. Although we became estranged later, there was still a sentiment of mutual care."

"This is a secret within the Changhuai daoist tradition. Perhaps others do not know, but I, Xi, serve as a link between the past and future; I understand this matter best. This item was brought out from the Origin Mansion and is a great treasure of Changhuai!"

He declared with a solemn expression.

"Otherwise, how could something the Spiritual Treasure gifted to Donghua end up in the hands of the Heavenly Glow!"

Tang Xie's expression grew colder by the second, his embarrassment mounting. Yuanshang also sensed that something was amiss. His own face changed in an instant, and he fell silent. After an unknown amount of time, he saw this Attendant Spirit of Guanmiao speak softly:

"I, Tang, have a conjecture... It may be offensive... Please forgive me, Fellow Daoist Xi."

"Speak freely!"

Yuanshang replied, just in time to see Tang Xie say indifferently, "True Monarch Taiyi has already bowed his head to Luoxia."

Yuanshang went stiff, staring at him in disbelief. Yet, he saw that Tang Xie's expression was icy, without a trace of unease, just like the disdain he showed when mentioning this True Monarch back then The so-called True Monarch Taiyi, before this Attendant Spirit of Guanmiao, seemed to be nothing more than a junior.

But Xi Shaoshang did not have time to distinguish his attitude. His voice trembling slightly, he said,

"Why do you say this?"

Tang Xie sneered, "He is the one whose Dao path was severed. Naturally, he is also the one most unwilling to see the world in turmoil. Being of the Earth Virtue, he should have bowed his head long ago. That he could persist until today is already the result of his wild ambition!"

Among the various branches of Chongming, Changhuai was the only Dao Lineage that had gone far away to the lands of Shu. Its strength was powerful, yet it appeared mysterious. Although Yuanshang was close to Changhuai, he could not calculate the motives of a True Monarch level figure and could only remain dumbfounded.

Tang Xie, however, strung everything together and said coldly:

"No wonder! No wonder the Origin Mansion would bestow this item upon him. Treasured Earth... Donghua... He now occupies the Returning Earth Intercalary Position, unable to advance or retreat. How truly ironic!"

"Returning Earth Intercalary Position? How is that possible..."

Yuanshang was shaken, finding it hard to believe, but he saw Tang Xie mock.

"You do not know... It is likely that all the disciple-brothers attained the Fruition Attainment. Such matters are understood tacitly but not spoken of; if it were easily leaked, it would cause the cultivators of Changhuai to lose face..."

He paused, then shook his head.

"He is not considered poor, either. To obtain an Intercalary Position in a Great Dao like Returning Earth is no worse than others. He also possesses ingenuity, greatly borrowing the destiny of the times. Although I look down on his severed Dao path, I must admit that in these hundreds of years, in terms of god-like speed in cultivation, he is the first."

Yuanshang frowned, still not speaking. Tang Xie continued,

"Because the Dao Lineages are deeply connected, I have heard a little about His affairs. The Proclamation and Returning paths should not be manifest in the current age. This man received the enlightenment from the Supreme Yang in the mountains, and borrowed the Wu Earth divine ability, thereby achieving his Dao. He tempered away the wild arrogance of the 'collecting' position. His Earth Virtue is one of gathering and storing—and this 'storage' is the very essence of Wu Earth. His cultivation leverages the momentum of the North; consequently, his progress has been increasingly fierce."

He was the Attendant Spirit of Guanmiao after all. Other Dao Lineages might be one thing, but as a disciple of Xu Xiang, the Earth Virtue was precisely the area Tang Xie was most skilled in. This string of words smashed down on his face, immediately making Yuanshang dizzy and unable to ask more.

Tang Xie had already said icily, "Now that the general trend is established, he will definitely not oppose the Heavenly Glow!"

Yuanshang lifted his head, both shocked and terrified, and gritted his teeth.

"If it is truly as the Attendant Spirit says, my Supreme Yang tradition has committed a sin deeper than the ocean!"

*Snap...*

A white sleeve swept across the table. All the scenes were congealed upon a small mirror surface. Lu Jiangxian's face was slightly dark as he immediately stood up, gazing into the distance.

He took everything in Gu Prefecture into his eyes. He had made judgments long ago, and now that he had obtained corroborating evidence, his heart was bright and clear. The silver light in his hands flickered continuously as various calculations and deductions swept through his mind.

"Great Tomb River..."

Ever since the change in the Great Tomb River, Lu Jiangxian had been waiting with full concentration. With the fragment sensing, he could not possibly be careless. And as the matters of the Ji River concluded, the Yin Abode was settled, and the attitudes of the various powers were revealed, he finally had a judgment!

"The expected variable has arrived... Just as well... Whether it is the Lesser Yin secret technique or the Great Void traversing technique, they can all be used now..."

He turned around, silver light condensing in his hand.

This silver light surged continuously, hallucinating various scenes—sometimes great wars that destroyed nations, sometimes Radiant Fire filling the heavens, sometimes Qilin fighting and killing, divine abilities falling like stars. Mixed joy and sorrow, infinite fantasies.

All the scenery condensed into this single point within his palm, leaping out decisively like a light feather, falling toward the horizon.

'If I do not intervene now... I fear there will be great trouble!'

His mind was restless. The hand resting on the table calculated continuously, but bit by bit, faint sounds echoed in his ears—aged and weeping—causing his heart, which was usually as still as an ancient well and as hard as iron and stone, to move slightly...

The scenery on the mirror surface fluctuated continuously, finally revealing a solemn ancestral hall surrounded by incense smoke, and an old man, so withered he was out of shape, kneeling before the hall.

'Li Xuanxuan...'

His eyes closed slightly. This old man, who had accompanied him into this world and stayed all the way to this present situation of step-by-step murderous peril, was finally nearing the end of his vitality, slowly walking toward the end of his life.

But the old man was still unreconciled, gasping for breath, asking closely about the future in a thin voice.

Lu Jiangxian sighed, lowering his brows and closing his eyes.

......

Heavy snow filled the sky.

The ice on the lake surface had already frozen solid. In the great hall, however, golden braziers had been lit, making the hall stuffy and hot. The bustling sounds of the outside world were already very faint, making it appear exceptionally quiet.

He leaned against the high seat of the great hall and coughed up two mouthfuls of blood, and stroked his chest. His limbs remained icy cold. The person outside heard clearly and hurriedly came forward. It was a middle-aged man with a steady and heavy expression.

"Suining..." he said in a low voice, "are you feeling any better."

The man shook his head and asked in return, "Is there news from the North?"

The middle-aged man sighed and lowered his voice.

"News has just arrived. The Divine Bowels have not opened for many days. The Yan Emperor came personally; the various Maha stood like forests of clouds. Liang Jushi's[^4] divine ability is complete, and he drove one hundred thousand commoners to serve as a moat... He and King Dai of Yanmen rely on each other. King Wei intends to withdraw his troops..."

Li Suining lifted his head, his gaze dim.

"It is we who did not recognize his true face, leading to the chaos of the Dongling. I... am extremely ashamed!"

The middle-aged man replied, "You are mistaken. When King Wei went on the eastern expedition back then, everywhere he passed, none did not submit. Even so, we did not fully trust him and asked that former Great General of Great Song, Yang Ruiyi, to supervise. How could we know that Liang Jushi actually had the heart to kill his clan to save the nation..."

Li Suining lowered his brows, ultimately unwilling to mention this matter again. Instead, he pinched his fingers to calculate.

"In that case," he said after a moment, "judging by the speed at which these divine abilities are being exchanged, King Wei's great undertaking will come to a head within a few days!"

A flicker of bitterness crossed his eyes as he looked at the middle-aged man beside him.

"Daoist Master Qiao, you are the disciple of Daoist Master Zhaojing. It has been some time since you achieved the Dao. For many years, you have followed the various Daoist Masters, working diligently and conscientiously. Now that the great matter in the north is at hand, I... ought to show you a clear path forward."

The Daoist Master before his eyes was distinctly Li Ximing's disciple, Qiao Yue!

Hearing this, Qiao Yue quickly rose to his feet, his expression changing dramatically.

"Bright Yang is about to ascend... What is the meaning of this!" he asked in a low, urgent voice.

Li Suining fell silent and shook his head, only speaking after a long moment.

"Back then... when you sought the hand of Daoist Yuyou, the old Daoist Master did not consent. Firstly, Guyan was in great chaos, the desert wwas stained blood-red, and the entire Zhuang Clan had perished. Daoist Yuyou cut her hair and severed ties with the mundane world to wholeheartedly seek the Dao. Secondly... it was the old Daoist Master's own consideration to leave you a way out, which is why he selected the Chen Clan of Yuyang... That you do not bear a grudge is for the best..."

Qiao Yue stood stunned on the spot, watching as the man in the silver robe said in a low voice:

"And now, the time is just right..."

He took a letter from his sleeve, seemingly having prepared it for a long time, and placed it into Qiao Yue's hands.

"This is a handwritten letter left by the Daoist Master before his departure. Please go to the Chen Clan to take refuge."

Shame washed over Qiao Yue as he listened, and he lowered his head.

"My master journeyed north while I lingered by the lake. My guilt is unbearable—how could I dare to cling to life a second time!"

Li Suining sighed.

"The Qiao Clan depends solely on you... how can you act on impulse out of momentary emotion while Dianzhao is in secluded cultivation within the formation!"

Li Suining did not mention anything else, but raising this single point left Qiao Yue speechless. He opened his mouth several times, only to hear Li Suining continue.

"Daoist Master Yu is related to my Li family and has already secured the west. Now is the time to leave, do not indulge in childish sentimentality!"

Qiao Yue lowered his head, retreating all the way outside the hall. Weeping uncontrollably, he kowtowed once more toward the great lake before finally riding the wind into the distance. Only then did Li Suining raise his head, staring faintly at the horizon.

"He should be arriving..."

Finally, under his gaze, specks of flickering golden light leaped in the distance, approaching incessantly with the colors of wind and rain, making the silver-robed man smile. He laughed and coughed simultaneously, saying,

"Someone come!"

Footsteps hurried through the hall. Upon hearing the response, Pu Xinya entered anxiously, his eyes full of worry.

"A noble guest is approaching; ask Clan Uncle Jiangzong to go and welcome him personally."

Pu Xinya acknowledged the order and hurried down. As the sounds faded, Li Suining waited with his face upturned, until finally, that flat voice echoed through the hall.

"To trouble the Family Head to welcome me personally..."

"Daoist Master, you are too kind!"

Li Jiangzong's voice was familiar, laced with panic and trepidation. Footsteps ascended the stairs one by one, and the man laughed.

"You are..."

"This humble one is Li Jiangzong... actually defiling the Daoist Master's honorable ears!"

Li Suining straightened his body. His pupils quietly stared at the shadow projected on the window sill. That person's posture was quite upright, but his voice was deeper than before:

"No... I know you."

Amidst the faint creaking sound, the magnificient doors of the hall were pushed open. The newcomer had sword-like brows and starry eyes, a broad face and thick shoulders. His yellow-white Daoist robe floated slightly in the wind. He turned his face sideways from Li Jiangzong to the front, crossing the space of the great hall to gaze at the person above.

His eyes fluctuated for an instant, but the words from his mouth held not a single blunt pause as he slowly uttered,

"Li Jiangzong... you are of the first branch, a descendant of Li Xuanxuan... I know you. I have heard the name of every single one of you."

He withdrew his gaze, looking around the great hall quite naturally as he walked step by step toward the high seat, his voice light.

"In earlier years, I should have respectfully addressed you as Your Highness no matter what. Now, we can dispense with the elaborate formalities. There is no need to say more."

Li Suining gazed at him, looking at that face which should have been familiar yet felt entirely unfamiliar, and hearing that tone which was extremely similar to back then. He rose to his feet and said softly,

"Lord Yao."

Yao Guanyi turned his head to gaze at him.

"The Realm Lord of the Great Adoration Dharma Realm has been on the Taihang Mountains all along... yet he waited and waited without seeing Daoist Master Changli. I asked around only to find out that Daoist Master Changli went to the Yan lands as well. Fellow Daoist... you even deceive your own people."

Li Suining's expression remained unchanged as he looked up.

"Daoist Master Changli possesses vast divine abilities, but he is suspicious and jealous. If I did not deceive him, he certainly would have gone."

Yao Guanyi shook his head.

"Congratulations, fellow Daoist."

Li Suining's expression began to change. A trace of extremely complex hatred flashed through his eyes, and his originally calm-as-water voice began to tremble.

"What is there to be joyful about?"

Yao Guanyi did not look at him but walked to the side, pushing open the decorated window to look down at the bustling scene outside, saying softly,

"The tribulation of Bright Yang has ended. Is that not worth a celebration?"

"Ended?"

Li Suining stood up. Due to the sudden agitation of his emotions, his face held a bizarre ruddy hue. He took a step forward, his voice suddenly rising.

"Since it has ended, why has fellow Daoist come here for this trip!"

Tremors in the Great Void rose and fell. On the western desert, changes in divine abilities projected into the sky, causing wave after wave of commotion across the island. Yao Guanyi's gaze did not turn back, remaining on the formation as he said,

"It seems a fellow Daoist feels this is not enough."

Although this voice was plain, it contained unimaginable power. The Great Void within the great hall solidified, suddenly cut off from the outside world. It became so quiet one could hear a pin drop. Even the crackling flames in the brazier froze, and everything seemed to transform into a vivid painting.

Yao Guanyi turned his head and said softly,

"Since ancient times, of those who rose with the tide, who knows how many suffered clan extermination, let alone Bright Yang... At present, fellow Daoist Suyun has a powerful backer, and fellow Daoist Zhaojing obtained a promise from the Underworld... I came so slowly that someone among you could have scattered. Those people who just left the province, and even that Purple Mansion Realm cultivator who just exited your great hall... they still have a chance at life..."

"Is it not enough?"

This Great Daoist Master with perfected divine ability gazed at him and said,

"Yes... you all brought about Xuanlou's success, so naturally I will not force you too much. But this is a matter of Bright Yang... The Li Clan inherited Bright Yang and subsequently enjoyed success on the lake for so many years. How can you turn your face and refuse to acknowledge it when the time comes to settle the karmic debt?"

Li Suining first laughed, then immediately began to cough violently. He bent his waist as if he were going to cough out his own lungs. After a good while, he said in a hoarse voice:

"Inherited Bright Yang? Settle the karmic debt? Indeed, my Li Clan is not some top-tier Immortal Clan, but over the centuries, how many commoners have we sheltered? We do not ask for a rule lasting a thousand generations, nor for ten thousand years of immortal nobility. My Li family's direct line has endured plenty of bitter and cold days. From beginning to end, we only begged for a little less killing..."

"Yet Daoist Master Yao talks to me about settling karma..."

He raised his head, his gaze icy cold.

"You are neither the cause of my Li Clan, nor are you qualified to judge my Li Clan's effect."

Yao Guanyi gazed at the person before him, a trace of gloom flashing in the depths of his eyes.

"What you say is very true—compared to Li Ximing or even Li Zhouwei, you have a great air of self-esteem and pride. They would feel... since they are defeated, any words are merely howls of despair, and thus would not utter a single word... but you will not."

The expression in his eyes flickered for an instant.

"A pity."

"You lack the qualifications to make Them listen to the Li Clan speak, and Yao... also lacks the qualifications to answer for Them."

Swallowing the blood in his mouth, Li Suining stared tightly at him, his voice growing lighter.

"The Underworld and the Dragon... is this all they amount to?"

Yao Guanyi closed his eyes and said softly,

"Fellow Daoist Li, I know... much has changed. But that great war has already altered the trend of the entire world. Everything from that point on has been rushing toward an irreversible abyss."

"Great Tomb River.", Li Suining said quietly.

"It is Great Tomb River."

Yao Guanyi raised his head. It seemed that only here on this lake, in a place where the Heavenly Rosy Clouds could not see, could this Great Daoist Master truly reveal his own emotions. He extended his hand, leaning toward the candlelight on the table.

"By the time They discovered it, it was already too late... The Lord's divine abilities, the Lord's methods, had already exceeded Their expectations. From that moment, it seemed that both the Underworld and the Dragon stood behind King Wei."

"Establishing the Yin Abode..."

That finger slowly approached the flame. The candlelight flickered slightly, circling constantly around his fingertip. no matter what, it could not burn this Great Daoist Master. Yet Yao Guanyi said,

"King Wei verifying the Dao—what can it change?"

Li Suining gazed at him, seemingly not surprised by this question. Whether it was Li Zhouwei or Li Jiangqian, they had already pondered this question over and over again. He was consistently unable to answer.

The reflection of the burning flame danced in Yao Guanyi's eyes.

Lu Suining replied, "Absolutely nothing."

Those two words echoed as Yao Guanyi finally looked up.

"What They want is..."

His words came to an abrupt halt. Li Suining spoke very naturally, "The Wei Emperor."

These words were like a taboo, causing the entire great hall to become instantly scorching hot. Yao Guanyi smiled.

"They want chaos... They will not hesitate to attempt releasing the Wei Emperor, even knowing it would make Golden Oneness waver. But this conflict is not irreconcilable; He will not easily side with the north. If they could, They would gladly release Lesser Yang as well—every additional player is another measure of certainty."

He looked up and continued indifferently.

"For so many years, Bright Yang has always been suppressed by the Lord. The Wei Emperor is very formidable. What must be suppressed is not just the Wei Emperor, but also the authority of Bright Yang. If the Wei Emperor were to escape, he would immediately become a Dao Embryo. To suppress him back again would be impossible. Even the Lord would find it somewhat of a headache."

Li Suining looked at him.

Yao Guanyi continued, "King Wei... is the only consensus among the three powers. If the Lord wants King Wei to verify the Dao to remove Li Qianyuan, he must relax the supervision over the Bright Yang authority at that moment. That time...... is the opportunity for all the great powers."

"As for King Wei himself... he is merely thrown in to make up the number."

He spoke no further and turned sideways. TThe spectral colors in the north had already begun to fill the sky, like a blazing Heavenly Light, dyeing the distant horizon a stark white.

Li Suining aksed softly, "What of the King's Tomb?"

Yao Guanyi stood quietly for a while before saying, "What does fellow Daoist think... Is such a King's Tomb intended to let King Wei retreat calmly? Indeed, it has that effect, but in front of the Lord, it is a bit laughable..."

He said:

"He is the Wei Emperor, the first of Bright Yang, and also the only Master of the Human Body. All Yin Abodes are tombs under his jurisdiction. Their true goal is nothing more than for that single instant, to give Li Qianyuan a possibility of escape."

Li Suining began to sneer. He stepped forward, his gaze complex.

"Before I die, I have only one question for the Lord."

There was no surprise on Yao Guanyi's face; he even seemed to know he would inevitably ask this. He sighed:

"Please speak."

Li Suining raised his head and said:

"The Shu lands... from where did the Wuchuan change come!"

In his heart, he actually felt quite powerless.

With the experience of the previous two lives, he should have unfolded a grand plan. Even the majestic Great Yan was beaten by Li Zhouwei until it retreated three stations. If not for Liang Jushi sacrificing his entire clan, causing the chaos of Dongling, the momentum of collapse would have been almost impossible to resolve...

But the true pain lay in a place he had not expected.

Western Shu.

Yao Guanyi gazed at him, a trace of subtlety flashing in his eyes, and said,

"The Heavenly Element was once precious and exclusive, but today, it is no longer limited to just one person. Before that fellow Daoist Liu, there was another Heavenly Element wandering about. Holding the thought of the Three Profoundities united under one roof, there were not few fellow Daoists who reincarnated to seek the Dao. King Wei has two under his command... Since the variable can exist in Wei, why can it not exist in Shu?"

The variable in Shu...

Li Suining knew who the variable he spoke of was. The Shu lands also had a Heavenly Element, born in the Qiu family. In the previous life, there was no great movement, but in this life, he successfully ridden the momentum and stirred up trouble—only to be killed by his own junior uncle.

But he shook his head and said quietly, "The Lord knows that is not the root of it, nor am I asking about him."

Yao Guanyi swept a glance at him and sighed.

"Earth Virtue is noble among the Five Virtues, hanging above the Four Virtues. But to speak plainly, it is not a good place to go—Bound Earth has lost its splendor, Wu Earth is extremely mysterious, Treasured Earth is in hiding, and the two paths of Proclamation and Returning, noble as the chiefs of immortals, perished suddenly and violently."

As soon as these words came out, Li Suining knew whom he was about to mention.

Taiyi!

"After Great Tomb River, that Lord... finally bowed his head to the mountain and went into secluded cultivation, ignoring worldly affairs. Therefore... Mount Changhuai's attitude shifted suddenly, giving up on suppressing the Shu Emperor. That Qing Jifang... also failed to step past the Purple Mystery..."

His voice was light and airy, echoing and weaving through the great hall, becoming lighter and lighter, quickly fading in the wildly swirling wind until it was faint and inaudible.

"Dong..."

A melodious bell toll resounded. The Heavenly Light in the north flickered uncertainly, vaguely dividing into two strands standing opposite each other. This caused Yao Guanyi's words to stop abruptly. His gaze shifted.

Li Suining stood blankly on the spot. He hurried forward, stopping abruptly just one step away from the outside of the hall, and whispered,

"Who is it?"

Yao Guanyi gazed at that Heavenly Light with a moment of astonishment, but he seemed not to hear Li Suining's words. He spoke no more, simply tightening his hand on the window sill.

'Two beams of Heavenly Light!'

The entanglement of the two beams of Heavenly Light in the north became increasingly intense, shooting straight into the sky. Li Suining felt as if the mountains were collapsing and the earth was cracking within his heart. He gritted his teeth and moved forward, the hand behind his back attempting to perform a divination, but he obtained nothing but emptiness from beginning to end.

But he had no time to ask again.

"Creak..."

The door of the great hall opened once more.

A fair hand tightly gripped the edge of the door. Golden blood flowed constantly down that wrist, disappearing into the crimson-red robe. The terrifying, scorching sensation of Radiant Fire permeated the entire great hall.

_Thud..._

Pitch-black boots stepped onto the ground. The youth's bloodstained, sinister face was revealed. Golden blood flowed down his jaw, disappearing into his collar.

The divine ability of Radiant Fire was thick to the extreme, seizing the soul.

He simply stared quietly. That pair of golden eyes which had always twinkled with a smile now had only one remaining, filled with glacial ice and fury.

The other eye socket was hollow, containing only roiling blackness.

Li Suining was too familiar with this face.

Daoist Master Changli.

Li Jiangqian.

Li Suining's words were blocked in his throat. Gazing at this Highness, his lips moved slightly.

_Drip!_

The golden blood finally slid from Li Jiangqian's injured eye, dripping onto the ground. In an instant, Radiant Fire erupted, turning the entire great hall into a hell on earth. Wave after wave of golden fire surged in from the windows and doors that had never been tightly closed, just like the uncontrollable rage of the person before him.

Yao Guanyi was already gone.

Li Suining stood quietly in the fire, allowing the twisted flames to swallow him. In this moment, he finally heard the cold, hoarse voice.

"Li Suining, I obeyed your every word... never doubting..."

_Whoosh!_

The wildly swirling Radiant Fire transformed into a large hand, grabbing his collar and lifting him up abruptly. Li Suining's body, already overdrawn from the great battle, was powerless to support itself. He could only be seized in the hand of the Radiant Fire, unable to move.

That bloodstained face with one blind eye was so close, close enough that he could see the tiny flames boiling in that blood.

"And at this time, you still dare to deceive me..."

The icy voice suddenly rose in pitch, filled with both hatred and pain.

"You are still deceiving me!"
