translations/700.md, before:

﻿# Chapter 700: The Cultivators of the Floating Cloud Cave

The White Shadow Golden Clasps were ill-suited for him, but Li Chenghui showed no sign of disappointment. “Thunder-elemental Dharma Artifacts are rare in Jiangnan,” he said. “Our clan’s elders have only seen a handful in a century of cultivation. I am content with my Six Thunder Profound Punishment Talisman. This artifact, however, is a good match for Zhouluo. We can set it aside for him.”

Li Zhouwei had no choice but to put the clasps away. As the lamps in the hall flickered, his expression turned serious. “Bring those cultivators from the Floating Cloud Cave. We’re short on manpower, and we’ll need people to stand guard in Jiangbei after we cross the lake. We can promote a few of them to serve our clan.”

Wenhu and Pingwang Zi had brought back a group of key members from the Floating Cloud Cave, who were then escorted to the Mount Qingdu water caves. They had been left unattended during the recent Dharma Assembly.

“I’ll go at once,” Li Minggong said with a nod, and departed.

Li Zhouwei turned to Li Chenghui. “The White Ape and An Siwei are watching the north bank. I must trouble you, Uncle, to take some men and secure the Floating Cloud Cave’s territory. We must prevent any unforeseen incidents.”

Li Chenghui left as well. Li Zhouwei waited in the main seat, and after a short while, Li Ximing’s form materialized out of thin air at the head of the hall. The entire chamber seemed to brighten at his presence.

“Greetings, Daoist Master.” Li Zhouwei rose to show his respect.

Just then, Li Minggong returned, leading the cultivators from the Floating Cloud Cave. They shuffled forward, heads bowed, their eyes filled with terror.

There were eighteen or nineteen of them in total, ranging from late-stage Qi Refinement to the Foundation Establishment Realm. All looked dishevelled and utterly wretched. Many were injured, their faces as pale as parchment.

“Daoist Master,” Li Minggong announced respectfully, “all the miscreants from the Floating Cloud Cave are here. Thirteen are at the Qi Refinement stage, and five are at the Foundation Establishment Realm. Of the five, three are demonic cultivators, and two are immortal cultivators.”

Li Ximing raised an eyebrow. The Qi Refinement cultivators were in better shape, their cultivation merely sealed. The Foundation Establishment cultivators were a much sorrier sight. Their hands were bound behind their backs with heavy, grey shackles, and their necks were locked in white iron collars etched with array patterns, forcing them to stare straight ahead, unable to turn their heads.

Li Zhouwei’s gaze swept over them. Nearly half of the five Foundation Establishment cultivators were shrouded in a dim, murky aura, a clear sign of their wicked deeds. A particularly tall man in the center, who might have once been handsome, had had his eyes gouged out. Iron nails pierced his collarbones, and he lay prostrate on the floor, clearly unable to stand.

“Who are these people?” Li Ximing asked as he took a seat. He had been in seclusion for years and recognized none of them. Li Minggong, however, had dealt with the Floating Cloud Cave for years and knew them well. She undid the restraints on one of the men.

He was a tall, thin old man with the face of a youth and the hair of a crane. A palm-sized indentation was sunk deep into his chest, revealing his furiously beating heart. He ignored his wound and offered a fawning smile.

“This humble cultivator pays his respects to the Daoist Master! My name is Qu Bushi. I was originally a cultivator from the Eastern Sea, invited to the Floating Cloud Cave some years ago to practice my cultivation. I never imagined that scoundrel Fu Dou would be so audacious as to offend your esteemed clan. I am truly innocent in this matter…”

He spoke fluently, but his heart was pounding with fear. Never in the Eastern Sea had he been in the presence of a Purple Mansion cultivator. He kept his head bowed, not daring to look up.

Li Minggong snorted in derision. “This man is from the Eastern Sea. He cultivates the Earth Virtue foundation, the Palace of Concealed Storage. He’s vicious and cunning. In the past, he was full of schemes, but he never dared to face our clan in person.”

Li Ximing’s celestial eye, between his brows, twitched. He sensed that the man practiced a demonic art. He was a cultivator from the Eastern Sea, yet the turbid qi clinging to him was the lightest among the five. “I will not dwell on past grievances,” he said. “However, my clan has upheld the righteous path for generations. We cannot tolerate demonic cultivators.”

Qu Bushi felt as if he had received a grand pardon. He fell to his knees. “Daoist Master! My Palace of Concealed Storage may be a demonic art, but I nourish it with the corpses of those who have died of old age and have been buried for a century. In all these hundreds of years, the worst I have ever done is dig up a few ancestral graves… I have never committed any truly heinous acts!”

He wailed, “My Dao foundation is not suited for combat, and I have no taste for the flesh of the living. While my Yin Virtue may be lacking… my Yang Virtue is unstained!”

His howl was so loud it made Li Ximing frown. There were countless varieties of demonic arts, and it was possible such a method existed.

Li Minggong shot the old man a look. “Are you going to write down your cultivation art or not?!”

Old Man Qu hastily produced a jade slip from his robes. He never carried his cultivation arts on his person, but a Foundation Establishment cultivator’s spiritual sense could inscribe with incredible speed. In a flash, the jade slip was presented.

Li Ximing gave it a cursory read. The art was called the *Earth-Hiding Palace-Storing Art*. He couldn’t tell which branch of Earth Virtue it belonged to, but it was indeed an art that damaged one’s Yin Virtue and required its practitioner to avoid excessive bloodshed. A thought suddenly struck him as odd.

‘If that’s the case, is this even a demonic art? It bears too much resemblance to the Purple Mansion Golden Core Dao.’

The first demonic art the Li clan had encountered was the *Blood Asura Scripture*, one of the few high-grade demonic arts widely circulated in Jiangnan. Its poison had spread far and wide, with traces found even in Jiangbei, the Central Plains, and the Southern Borderlands.

Demonic cultivation was also known as the Diverse Mansion Unified Furnace Dao. The *Blood Asura Scripture* was a prime example. At the Qi Refinement stage, one would merge the Shengyang, Juque, and Qihai acupoints into an Diverse Mansion. The physical body would then become a vessel adrift on a sea of bitterness, and all subsequent cultivation would take place within this Diverse Mansion.

Having attained a Divine Ability, Li Ximing’s perspective on cultivation arts was entirely different. He now possessed a profound sense that all paths led to the same destination.

Years ago, he hadn’t thought much of the technique, only knowing that the *Blood Asura Scripture* required one to cultivate a ‘Asura Ridge’ within the Diverse Mansion to achieve a demonic Foundation Establishment. But now, seeing this new art, he had an epiphany.

‘The *Blood Asura Scripture* tries its best to obscure its origins, but anyone who reaches a certain level of cultivation can see the truth. In the language of the Purple Mansion Golden Core Dao, it’s simply forming a Dao foundation called the Asura Ridge.’

The *Earth-Hiding Palace-Storing Art* was far more ancient and made no attempt to hide its nature. Although it also required the merging of the three acupoints, the subsequent path was much the same. Li Ximing estimated that a Purple Mansion cultivator of the Earth Virtue could likely modify this art into an immortal one.

‘No wonder the northern cultivators call the Purple Mansion Golden Core Dao the Purple-Gold Demonic Dao, and the Diverse Mansion Unified Furnace Dao the Heavenly Embryo Dao, lumping them into the same category… They truly aren’t that different!’

‘If I were to dedicate myself to studying the art of merging the three acupoints, I might even be able to convert the *Radiant Essence Scripture* into a demonic art!’

A sudden understanding dawned on him, and he frowned. ‘In that case, a demonic cultivator’s breakthrough to the Purple Mansion Realm would involve pushing the Diverse Mansion into the Great Void. And since the Dao foundation is already inside the Diverse Mansion, they wouldn’t need to push it into the Shengyang acupoint first, as is required in the immortal path… Could it be that their breakthrough is simpler?’

‘If demonic cultivation has no other hindrances, then right now, only my Shengyang acupoint exists within the Great Void. Everything else can be discarded… which is essentially the same as a demonic Purple Mansion cultivator… The only difference is the name—one is called Shengyang, the other, Diverse Mansion.’

‘In other words… if not for the fact that merging the three acupoints requires blood qi, after the great celestial shift, the Diverse Mansion Unified Furnace Dao would actually be a more advanced… a superior method of cultivation… It would save a vast amount of resources required to push one’s immortal foundation into the Shengyang acupoint.’

As he examined the *Earth-Hiding Palace-Storing Art*, he became almost certain it was a technique from the time of the great celestial shift, bearing all the marks of the Heavenly Embryo Dao branching off from the Purple Mansion Golden Core Dao.

‘If only I had a Purple Mansion-level cultivation art from the Heavenly Embryo Dao…’

This was a significant revelation. Li Ximing felt as if a fog had lifted from his mind. ‘This means I don’t need to limit my search for complementary cultivation arts to immortal ones. As long as it’s a Bright Yang demonic art… I can cultivate it and master another Divine Ability.’

The prospect of finding other Purple Mansion cultivation arts was remote, but a flicker of hope had been kindled. He looked up and said, “The *Earth-Hiding Palace-Storing Art* is ancient. It cannot be considered a true demonic art. You lot simply lack the discernment to see it… Minggong, release him.”

Old Man Qu was stunned. He had obtained this art in the Eastern Sea, and as far as he knew, anything involving an Diverse Mansion was a demonic art. He had never heard of something not being a ‘true’ demonic art. But the word of a Purple Mansion cultivator was law. He was overjoyed and kowtowed. “Thank you, Daoist Master! To think I have been wrongly accused for over a century. If not for your guidance, I would have carried this injustice to my grave!”

It was pure flattery, and Li Ximing ignored it. He looked at the other two demonic cultivators. As expected, they practiced the *Blood Asura Scripture*. The turbid qi surrounding them was overwhelming; they had clearly never stopped consuming blood qi. They trembled on the floor.

Li Ximing’s gaze fell upon one of them, a man with a rather honest face. Before he could even ask, the man burst into tears. “Daoist Master, please hear me out.”

He knocked his head on the floor. “My name is Wen Yi, and this is my younger brother, Wen Shan. We were born in the Eastern Sea to demonic cultivators. We began our training at the age of six. We ate rice and meat, and our bowls were filled with blood qi… It wasn’t until we were older and had reached the Qi Refinement stage that we learned what these things truly were. But we were in a land of demonic cultivators, taught by our parents. We never thought anything of it.”

“It was only when we came inland that we realized not everyone in the world cultivates this way.”

Wen Yi saw death approaching and broke out in a cold sweat. His thick eyebrows were slick with moisture, and tears streamed down his face. “It’s not that I don’t wish to do good, but that I never knew of the righteous path. It’s not that I am wicked at heart. I have cared for my parents and been a good brother. I never thought of myself as an evil person. But… I was born in a demonic land, with no one to guide me. How could I have known I was committing a sin? I beg you, sir, to see the truth and give me a chance to start anew.”

His words made Li Minggong frown. The other demonic cultivator, Wen Shan, was stunned to hear his brother speak this way. But on reflection, he realized it was the truth. He quickly kowtowed as well. “We only beg the Daoist Master for a chance to live!”

Li Minggong paused, then said hesitantly, “Whether you knew you were sinning is one thing… whether you are guilty is another…”

Li Ximing listened intently. A somber memory seemed to surface in his mind. He pondered for a few moments, then glanced at their cultivation. Both were barely at the Foundation Establishment Realm, of little use. He brought two fingers together, and a brilliant golden light, the phantom gleam of his Divine Ability, appeared at their tips.

“Go.”

He drew out two wisps of his Bright Yang Divine Ability’s power. They flew like serpents into the two men’s Diverse Mansions, locking their immortal foundations. “The Nine Gates Mountain on the west bank is always short of cultivators for artifact refinement,” Li Ximing said. “I will spare your lives. For now, go to the mountain and manage the fire veins. Supply them with your spiritual qi.”

The two wisps of divine power contained the suppressive force of Heavenly Audience Gate. They could not only disrupt the brothers’ techniques but also shatter their Diverse Mansions at any moment, killing them instantly. They would only be able to channel their spiritual qi and use their spiritual sense—perfect for supplying the flames of artifact refinement. The fire veins of Nine Gates Mountain were powerful and difficult for Qi Refinement cultivators to handle. The two brothers could manage them, saving the clan a great deal of effort.

“Thank you, Daoist Master!”

The two men rose, their foreheads beaded with sweat. Though they had lost their freedom, it was better than death. They knelt obediently to one side.

Two cultivators of the Purple Mansion Golden Core Dao remained. Li Ximing’s gaze first fell on an old woman with a rather ugly face, her clothes wrapped tightly around her. A golden qi swirled about her.

“This old one is Jiang Huzi,” she said in a raspy voice. “Greetings, Daoist Master…”

Li Minggong hesitated for a moment before speaking. “Daoist Master, she is also a cultivator from the Floating Cloud Cave, but she spent all her time within the sect and was never seen outside. We have no information on her.”

Jiang Huzi’s voice was ancient and low. “This old one is just a talisman-maker from the State of Zhao. I settled in Jiangbei and am now over two hundred years old. My time is nearly at an end…”

She smiled, revealing yellowed teeth. “The two sects would not have left anything of value for your clan. The young and talented ones were all killed. The ones they left for you… those with some status… are all old, weak, sick, or disabled…”

There was something unusual about this old woman. Not only was her qi pure, but she was also from the State of Zhao and carried herself with a certain dignity. Li Ximing paused. Not wanting to invite trouble, he said gently, “Since you are a righteous cultivator from the north, you are free to go. You may stay here and draw talismans, or wander the lake… or you may leave as you please.”

Jiang Huzi acknowledged his words. Li Ximing’s gaze then fell on the last man—the broad, handsome man whose eyes had been gouged out and collarbones pierced. Li Minggong understood at once and explained, “This is Ding Weizeng of the Floating Cloud Cave. He reached the Foundation Establishment Realm some years ago and is quite strong. His immortal foundation is the rare Palace-Yang Tiger, of the Hengzhu lineage.”

“The Hengzhu lineage?”

Li Ximing frowned immediately. Cultivators of the Hengzhu lineage were exceedingly rare. While there might be some in the north, in the south, they were concentrated entirely within the Hengzhu Immortal Dao. That sect had a complete set of cultivation arts for all five immortal daos, which was why they dared to take the name Hengzhu.

The sudden appearance of a cultivator from the Hengzhu lineage, and a strong one at that, was naturally suspicious. Li Ximing looked him up and down. “Why is he in this state?”

Old Man Qu immediately chimed in. “Daoist Master, this man cultivates the Palace-Yang Tiger. This immortal foundation is well-suited for combat. It can break free from imprisonment, shatter cages, and overcome karmic obstacles through sheer will, striking enemies with a glance… At first, he was chained like the rest of us. But he was stubborn and refused to submit, repeatedly trying to escape…”

“He also had some history with Wenhu, so his eyes were gouged out, his collarbones were pierced, and his Qihai acupoint was nearly shattered… He’s on the verge of becoming a cripple.”

After hearing the detailed account, Li Ximing’s mind stirred. With a flick of his Divine Ability, the iron nails in Ding Weizeng’s collarbones clattered to the floor, and his other restraints fell away.

The man was half-dead. He mumbled a greeting to the Daoist Master. Li Zhouwei, who had been standing by for some time, finally spoke. “Daoist Master, this man is a valiant warrior.”

Li Zhouwei had crossed paths with Ding Weizeng before. For him to give such an assessment meant the man was truly formidable. Li Ximing felt a flicker of admiration. Ding Weizeng, however, circulated his spiritual qi and spoke in a stiff voice. “My Qihai is damaged. My death is near. I only ask that the Daoist Master allow me to return to the mountains, to die in my homeland of Jiangbei.”

Li Ximing stroked his beard, not answering. He circulated the Bright Yang Divine Ability in his hand and sent it flying into the man’s body. The divine power regenerated his flesh and sealed his Qihai acupoint, preventing his cultivation from leaking away.

Ding Weizeng stood there in a daze. Li Minggong had already taken a pill from her sleeve and fed it to him. The man remained standing, bewildered. Qu Bushi, ever the opportunist, smiled. “Weizeng, what are you waiting for? Thank your new master!”

Commit message:

Add new chapters and update terminology. Standardized 'Balanced Ritual' terminology across documentation and assets, replacing 'Hengzhu'. Updated several glossary terms related to 'Li-Light' to 'Searing Light'. Added new glossary entries for techniques, artifacts, and characters from chapters 1331–1333. Extended the file range for Vol. 8 in sep.json. Updated ePub, PDF, and TXT files for Vols. 5–8 with new content.

translations/700.md, after:

﻿# Chapter 700: The Cultivators of the Floating Cloud Cave

The White Shadow Golden Clasps were ill-suited for him, but Li Chenghui showed no sign of disappointment. “Thunder-elemental Dharma Artifacts are rare in Jiangnan,” he said. “Our clan’s elders have only seen a handful in a century of cultivation. I am content with my Six Thunder Profound Punishment Talisman. This artifact, however, is a good match for Zhouluo. We can set it aside for him.”

Li Zhouwei had no choice but to put the clasps away. As the lamps in the hall flickered, his expression turned serious. “Bring those cultivators from the Floating Cloud Cave. We’re short on manpower, and we’ll need people to stand guard in Jiangbei after we cross the lake. We can promote a few of them to serve our clan.”

Wenhu and Pingwang Zi had brought back a group of key members from the Floating Cloud Cave, who were then escorted to the Mount Qingdu water caves. They had been left unattended during the recent Dharma Assembly.

“I’ll go at once,” Li Minggong said with a nod, and departed.

Li Zhouwei turned to Li Chenghui. “The White Ape and An Siwei are watching the north bank. I must trouble you, Uncle, to take some men and secure the Floating Cloud Cave’s territory. We must prevent any unforeseen incidents.”

Li Chenghui left as well. Li Zhouwei waited in the main seat, and after a short while, Li Ximing’s form materialized out of thin air at the head of the hall. The entire chamber seemed to brighten at his presence.

“Greetings, Daoist Master.” Li Zhouwei rose to show his respect.

Just then, Li Minggong returned, leading the cultivators from the Floating Cloud Cave. They shuffled forward, heads bowed, their eyes filled with terror.

There were eighteen or nineteen of them in total, ranging from late-stage Qi Refinement to the Foundation Establishment Realm. All looked dishevelled and utterly wretched. Many were injured, their faces as pale as parchment.

“Daoist Master,” Li Minggong announced respectfully, “all the miscreants from the Floating Cloud Cave are here. Thirteen are at the Qi Refinement stage, and five are at the Foundation Establishment Realm. Of the five, three are demonic cultivators, and two are immortal cultivators.”

Li Ximing raised an eyebrow. The Qi Refinement cultivators were in better shape, their cultivation merely sealed. The Foundation Establishment cultivators were a much sorrier sight. Their hands were bound behind their backs with heavy, grey shackles, and their necks were locked in white iron collars etched with array patterns, forcing them to stare straight ahead, unable to turn their heads.

Li Zhouwei’s gaze swept over them. Nearly half of the five Foundation Establishment cultivators were shrouded in a dim, murky aura, a clear sign of their wicked deeds. A particularly tall man in the center, who might have once been handsome, had had his eyes gouged out. Iron nails pierced his collarbones, and he lay prostrate on the floor, clearly unable to stand.

“Who are these people?” Li Ximing asked as he took a seat. He had been in seclusion for years and recognized none of them. Li Minggong, however, had dealt with the Floating Cloud Cave for years and knew them well. She undid the restraints on one of the men.

He was a tall, thin old man with the face of a youth and the hair of a crane. A palm-sized indentation was sunk deep into his chest, revealing his furiously beating heart. He ignored his wound and offered a fawning smile.

“This humble cultivator pays his respects to the Daoist Master! My name is Qu Bushi. I was originally a cultivator from the Eastern Sea, invited to the Floating Cloud Cave some years ago to practice my cultivation. I never imagined that scoundrel Fu Dou would be so audacious as to offend your esteemed clan. I am truly innocent in this matter…”

He spoke fluently, but his heart was pounding with fear. Never in the Eastern Sea had he been in the presence of a Purple Mansion cultivator. He kept his head bowed, not daring to look up.

Li Minggong snorted in derision. “This man is from the Eastern Sea. He cultivates the Earth Virtue foundation, the Palace of Concealed Storage. He’s vicious and cunning. In the past, he was full of schemes, but he never dared to face our clan in person.”

Li Ximing’s celestial eye, between his brows, twitched. He sensed that the man practiced a demonic art. He was a cultivator from the Eastern Sea, yet the turbid qi clinging to him was the lightest among the five. “I will not dwell on past grievances,” he said. “However, my clan has upheld the righteous path for generations. We cannot tolerate demonic cultivators.”

Qu Bushi felt as if he had received a grand pardon. He fell to his knees. “Daoist Master! My Palace of Concealed Storage may be a demonic art, but I nourish it with the corpses of those who have died of old age and have been buried for a century. In all these hundreds of years, the worst I have ever done is dig up a few ancestral graves… I have never committed any truly heinous acts!”

He wailed, “My Dao foundation is not suited for combat, and I have no taste for the flesh of the living. While my Yin Virtue may be lacking… my Yang Virtue is unstained!”

His howl was so loud it made Li Ximing frown. There were countless varieties of demonic arts, and it was possible such a method existed.

Li Minggong shot the old man a look. “Are you going to write down your cultivation art or not?!”

Old Man Qu hastily produced a jade slip from his robes. He never carried his cultivation arts on his person, but a Foundation Establishment cultivator’s spiritual sense could inscribe with incredible speed. In a flash, the jade slip was presented.

Li Ximing gave it a cursory read. The art was called the *Earth-Hiding Palace-Storing Art*. He couldn’t tell which branch of Earth Virtue it belonged to, but it was indeed an art that damaged one’s Yin Virtue and required its practitioner to avoid excessive bloodshed. A thought suddenly struck him as odd.

‘If that’s the case, is this even a demonic art? It bears too much resemblance to the Purple Mansion Golden Core Dao.’

The first demonic art the Li clan had encountered was the *Blood Asura Scripture*, one of the few high-grade demonic arts widely circulated in Jiangnan. Its poison had spread far and wide, with traces found even in Jiangbei, the Central Plains, and the Southern Borderlands.

Demonic cultivation was also known as the Diverse Mansion Unified Furnace Dao. The *Blood Asura Scripture* was a prime example. At the Qi Refinement stage, one would merge the Shengyang, Juque, and Qihai acupoints into an Diverse Mansion. The physical body would then become a vessel adrift on a sea of bitterness, and all subsequent cultivation would take place within this Diverse Mansion.

Having attained a Divine Ability, Li Ximing’s perspective on cultivation arts was entirely different. He now possessed a profound sense that all paths led to the same destination.

Years ago, he hadn’t thought much of the technique, only knowing that the *Blood Asura Scripture* required one to cultivate a ‘Asura Ridge’ within the Diverse Mansion to achieve a demonic Foundation Establishment. But now, seeing this new art, he had an epiphany.

‘The *Blood Asura Scripture* tries its best to obscure its origins, but anyone who reaches a certain level of cultivation can see the truth. In the language of the Purple Mansion Golden Core Dao, it’s simply forming a Dao foundation called the Asura Ridge.’

The *Earth-Hiding Palace-Storing Art* was far more ancient and made no attempt to hide its nature. Although it also required the merging of the three acupoints, the subsequent path was much the same. Li Ximing estimated that a Purple Mansion cultivator of the Earth Virtue could likely modify this art into an immortal one.

‘No wonder the northern cultivators call the Purple Mansion Golden Core Dao the Purple-Gold Demonic Dao, and the Diverse Mansion Unified Furnace Dao the Heavenly Embryo Dao, lumping them into the same category… They truly aren’t that different!’

‘If I were to dedicate myself to studying the art of merging the three acupoints, I might even be able to convert the *Radiant Essence Scripture* into a demonic art!’

A sudden understanding dawned on him, and he frowned. ‘In that case, a demonic cultivator’s breakthrough to the Purple Mansion Realm would involve pushing the Diverse Mansion into the Great Void. And since the Dao foundation is already inside the Diverse Mansion, they wouldn’t need to push it into the Shengyang acupoint first, as is required in the immortal path… Could it be that their breakthrough is simpler?’

‘If demonic cultivation has no other hindrances, then right now, only my Shengyang acupoint exists within the Great Void. Everything else can be discarded… which is essentially the same as a demonic Purple Mansion cultivator… The only difference is the name—one is called Shengyang, the other, Diverse Mansion.’

‘In other words… if not for the fact that merging the three acupoints requires blood qi, after the great celestial shift, the Diverse Mansion Unified Furnace Dao would actually be a more advanced… a superior method of cultivation… It would save a vast amount of resources required to push one’s immortal foundation into the Shengyang acupoint.’

As he examined the *Earth-Hiding Palace-Storing Art*, he became almost certain it was a technique from the time of the great celestial shift, bearing all the marks of the Heavenly Embryo Dao branching off from the Purple Mansion Golden Core Dao.

‘If only I had a Purple Mansion-level cultivation art from the Heavenly Embryo Dao…’

This was a significant revelation. Li Ximing felt as if a fog had lifted from his mind. ‘This means I don’t need to limit my search for complementary cultivation arts to immortal ones. As long as it’s a Bright Yang demonic art… I can cultivate it and master another Divine Ability.’

The prospect of finding other Purple Mansion cultivation arts was remote, but a flicker of hope had been kindled. He looked up and said, “The *Earth-Hiding Palace-Storing Art* is ancient. It cannot be considered a true demonic art. You lot simply lack the discernment to see it… Minggong, release him.”

Old Man Qu was stunned. He had obtained this art in the Eastern Sea, and as far as he knew, anything involving an Diverse Mansion was a demonic art. He had never heard of something not being a ‘true’ demonic art. But the word of a Purple Mansion cultivator was law. He was overjoyed and kowtowed. “Thank you, Daoist Master! To think I have been wrongly accused for over a century. If not for your guidance, I would have carried this injustice to my grave!”

It was pure flattery, and Li Ximing ignored it. He looked at the other two demonic cultivators. As expected, they practiced the *Blood Asura Scripture*. The turbid qi surrounding them was overwhelming; they had clearly never stopped consuming blood qi. They trembled on the floor.

Li Ximing’s gaze fell upon one of them, a man with a rather honest face. Before he could even ask, the man burst into tears. “Daoist Master, please hear me out.”

He knocked his head on the floor. “My name is Wen Yi, and this is my younger brother, Wen Shan. We were born in the Eastern Sea to demonic cultivators. We began our training at the age of six. We ate rice and meat, and our bowls were filled with blood qi… It wasn’t until we were older and had reached the Qi Refinement stage that we learned what these things truly were. But we were in a land of demonic cultivators, taught by our parents. We never thought anything of it.”

“It was only when we came inland that we realized not everyone in the world cultivates this way.”

Wen Yi saw death approaching and broke out in a cold sweat. His thick eyebrows were slick with moisture, and tears streamed down his face. “It’s not that I don’t wish to do good, but that I never knew of the righteous path. It’s not that I am wicked at heart. I have cared for my parents and been a good brother. I never thought of myself as an evil person. But… I was born in a demonic land, with no one to guide me. How could I have known I was committing a sin? I beg you, sir, to see the truth and give me a chance to start anew.”

His words made Li Minggong frown. The other demonic cultivator, Wen Shan, was stunned to hear his brother speak this way. But on reflection, he realized it was the truth. He quickly kowtowed as well. “We only beg the Daoist Master for a chance to live!”

Li Minggong paused, then said hesitantly, “Whether you knew you were sinning is one thing… whether you are guilty is another…”

Li Ximing listened intently. A somber memory seemed to surface in his mind. He pondered for a few moments, then glanced at their cultivation. Both were barely at the Foundation Establishment Realm, of little use. He brought two fingers together, and a brilliant golden light, the phantom gleam of his Divine Ability, appeared at their tips.

“Go.”

He drew out two wisps of his Bright Yang Divine Ability’s power. They flew like serpents into the two men’s Diverse Mansions, locking their immortal foundations. “The Nine Gates Mountain on the west bank is always short of cultivators for artifact refinement,” Li Ximing said. “I will spare your lives. For now, go to the mountain and manage the fire veins. Supply them with your spiritual qi.”

The two wisps of divine power contained the suppressive force of Heavenly Audience Gate. They could not only disrupt the brothers’ techniques but also shatter their Diverse Mansions at any moment, killing them instantly. They would only be able to channel their spiritual qi and use their spiritual sense—perfect for supplying the flames of artifact refinement. The fire veins of Nine Gates Mountain were powerful and difficult for Qi Refinement cultivators to handle. The two brothers could manage them, saving the clan a great deal of effort.

“Thank you, Daoist Master!”

The two men rose, their foreheads beaded with sweat. Though they had lost their freedom, it was better than death. They knelt obediently to one side.

Two cultivators of the Purple Mansion Golden Core Dao remained. Li Ximing’s gaze first fell on an old woman with a rather ugly face, her clothes wrapped tightly around her. A golden qi swirled about her.

“This old one is Jiang Huzi,” she said in a raspy voice. “Greetings, Daoist Master…”

Li Minggong hesitated for a moment before speaking. “Daoist Master, she is also a cultivator from the Floating Cloud Cave, but she spent all her time within the sect and was never seen outside. We have no information on her.”

Jiang Huzi’s voice was ancient and low. “This old one is just a talisman-maker from the State of Zhao. I settled in Jiangbei and am now over two hundred years old. My time is nearly at an end…”

She smiled, revealing yellowed teeth. “The two sects would not have left anything of value for your clan. The young and talented ones were all killed. The ones they left for you… those with some status… are all old, weak, sick, or disabled…”

There was something unusual about this old woman. Not only was her qi pure, but she was also from the State of Zhao and carried herself with a certain dignity. Li Ximing paused. Not wanting to invite trouble, he said gently, “Since you are a righteous cultivator from the north, you are free to go. You may stay here and draw talismans, or wander the lake… or you may leave as you please.”

Jiang Huzi acknowledged his words. Li Ximing’s gaze then fell on the last man—the broad, handsome man whose eyes had been gouged out and collarbones pierced. Li Minggong understood at once and explained, “This is Ding Weizeng of the Floating Cloud Cave. He reached the Foundation Establishment Realm some years ago and is quite strong. His immortal foundation is the rare Palace-Yang Tiger, of the Balanced Ritual lineage.”

“The Balanced Ritual lineage?”

Li Ximing frowned immediately. Cultivators of the Balanced Ritual lineage were exceedingly rare. While there might be some in the north, in the south, they were concentrated entirely within the Balanced Ritual Immortal Dao. That sect had a complete set of cultivation arts for all five immortal daos, which was why they dared to take the name Balanced Ritual.

The sudden appearance of a cultivator from the Balanced Ritual lineage, and a strong one at that, was naturally suspicious. Li Ximing looked him up and down. “Why is he in this state?”

Old Man Qu immediately chimed in. “Daoist Master, this man cultivates the Palace-Yang Tiger. This immortal foundation is well-suited for combat. It can break free from imprisonment, shatter cages, and overcome karmic obstacles through sheer will, striking enemies with a glance… At first, he was chained like the rest of us. But he was stubborn and refused to submit, repeatedly trying to escape…”

“He also had some history with Wenhu, so his eyes were gouged out, his collarbones were pierced, and his Qihai acupoint was nearly shattered… He’s on the verge of becoming a cripple.”

After hearing the detailed account, Li Ximing’s mind stirred. With a flick of his Divine Ability, the iron nails in Ding Weizeng’s collarbones clattered to the floor, and his other restraints fell away.

The man was half-dead. He mumbled a greeting to the Daoist Master. Li Zhouwei, who had been standing by for some time, finally spoke. “Daoist Master, this man is a valiant warrior.”

Li Zhouwei had crossed paths with Ding Weizeng before. For him to give such an assessment meant the man was truly formidable. Li Ximing felt a flicker of admiration. Ding Weizeng, however, circulated his spiritual qi and spoke in a stiff voice. “My Qihai is damaged. My death is near. I only ask that the Daoist Master allow me to return to the mountains, to die in my homeland of Jiangbei.”

Li Ximing stroked his beard, not answering. He circulated the Bright Yang Divine Ability in his hand and sent it flying into the man’s body. The divine power regenerated his flesh and sealed his Qihai acupoint, preventing his cultivation from leaking away.

Ding Weizeng stood there in a daze. Li Minggong had already taken a pill from her sleeve and fed it to him. The man remained standing, bewildered. Qu Bushi, ever the opportunist, smiled. “Weizeng, what are you waiting for? Thank your new master!”
